Nowadays people travel by plane every day but this process lead to pollution of the atmosphere. Some people are sure that it is necessary to limit the number of fights using such instrument as laws. I disagree this point of view that laws about reducing the number of air travelers could help us save the nature and particulary the fresh air.
First, we should not forget that planes are not the only transport which put dangerous gases in the atmosphere. There are a lot of cars, buses, etc. using oil and producing CO2. OF course, someone could argue that it is too difficult to decrease the number of cars on roads, because they are so necessary in our everyday life and we could not imagine our life without it. However, I strongly believe, that we could find a new solution as electronic cars or any other type of ecological cars.
The other reason to not limit air travel for business and leisure is the support of economics. Air flights nowadays are integrated in multiple business processes and the reducing of the amount of air travel could cause unexpected negative effect. Some people support the idea of replacing air travel by sea travel and they think this action will have a good influence on atmosphere. Despite the fact of decrease of air pollution, the new type of impact on nature will appear. This impact called sea pollution will affect on sea animals and humans living near the cost.
Moreover, governments will face with difficulties with creations of this new law as it is quite problematic to decide which category of population could fly and which could not. Scientists may remark that there are many specialists in laws, statistics and logistics who’s work is to solve such problems. But I suppose, that population reaction will be unpredictable too.
In conclusion, I  would say that flights limit is not the better way to reduce air pollution and make our atmosphere fresher. I think there are many alternative steps to avoid increasing of negative effect of human activities in nature. People should respect the nature but it does not mean they should not use airplanes.
