Nowadays more and more people tend to dispute on the topic of the primary purposes of veracious social media. Some believe that, first of all, services such as Odnoclassniki or Twitter should provide the society with new knowledge and enhance learning process, whilst others claim things do not have to be that serious and sense of comfort and fun is what we need most when it comes to media similar to those named above. I would like to express my own opinion on the matter.

Of course, one of the crucial functions of social media is connecting people and thus enabling them to exchange information and experience. Taken that all the people on the Earth have different goals, responsibilities, education, values and tastes, the uses of social networks can not coincide completely.

On the one hand, making scientific and administrative information accessible worldwide seems to be the most important goal of social media. The operation of entire governments, economic and business networks, scientific communities and universities dwells upon the systems of quick, easy and secure information distribution. Social media has widened the horizons for people living in remote areas, giving them opportunities to work and study. Furthermore, with such media, it is much easier to collaborate or create documents, databases and even works of art.

On the other hand, no one would deny that these days the Internet has become much similar to what modern sociologists call "a third place", which is neither work nor home, but easily accessible and capable of serving as a transformable space to meet one's demands. People now spend more time browsing the Web, some ending up with pointless surfing. Due to this, entertaining role of social media is not to be deminished. According to psychologists and programmists, it is vital that the users ensure the Internet and social media form a safe and friendly environment.

To conclude, in my opinion, it is not an easy task to build a strict hierarchy of purposes of social media, because of the different approaches to social media and expectations from it. As "third places" social media websites are a flexible platform that can be filled with certain content and context.
