There are many opinions about vital functions of social media including Facebook and Vkontakte. Some people argue that sharing knowledge is the most essential for social media. However, others contradict that entertaining is also important.
On the one hand, nowadays social media are very convinient for downloading information. That is why so many people every day in the world save different files there. It is also much cheaper to use social media for information’s containing and sharing, because such alternative as downloading sites or port mail are not only take more time for using them but also expendurs of using them are way more higher. Furthermore, many pages in Vkontakte were created for sharing some books, lectures and other types of educational materials, which people can use for extention the frontier of their knowledge. So, social media became portals for sharing usefull information.
On the other hand, social media also became sites where people can simply watch some funny videos or just spend time. Many people around the world watch movies, TV series and etc. in Vkontakte, because it is much cheaper than buying originals. Moreover, sometimes everyone wants to rest, their leisure time doing nothing and for that they use social medie. I personally believe, that such sites as Facebook and Vkontakte should entertain they public, because nowadays in real life we always face with some cruel or sad situations and social medie give us a chance to rest and it is basically a tool for making us happy. Furthermore, people in Japan called hikkikomori, who lives without leaving the house, always use social medie for interaction or entertainment. It is the way they can leave happily.
In conclusion, social medie nowadays became the usuall thing without the we cannot imagine our lives. By using them we can educate ourthelves and each other and also sometimes to keep being entertained. At the end, social medie are not simple sites and they are not supposed to have only one main function.
