The issue of maintaining benevolent relationships between parents and its children is often thought to be extremely complex in the contemporary society. A considerable number of modern families has experienced an unprecedented decline in the intensity and consistency of communication between elder and younger generations. Many of them claim that this trend has far-reaching implications on the realm of daily social interaction. I truly consider such a stand to be fairly reliable. There are some arguments of mine to support the idea.

To begin with, we have to acknowledge that mature people are now likely to be under enormous social pressure as fulfillment of professional potential and career advancement have undoubtedly transformed into some sort of inevitable assets, which each individual must posess. The imbalance between job and family may disrupt personal welfare of both parents and children as well as abrogate existing conflicts among them irreversibly.

An encroachment of modern technologies into our lifestyle is also supposed to reverbarate on communication in family. In capacity to get a momentum for a proper conversation or simply spending free time together due to engulfment into virtual life has already created egregious obstacles for interaction and proved to split many families.

Females, who now leverage from decline of gender gap, are often blaimed by their husbands to underestimate the importance of embracing calm atmosphere in family. Unfortunately, such confrontation by mothers and fathers tends to cause a plethora of impediments towards reaching accurate conditions for family reunion.

To sum up, spending on the issue raised at the beginning of this essay, there are still so many arguments both to adhere the point and contradict. Personally I deem that modern lifestyle certainly affect the way how we cope with family problems but everything is always left to personal decisions and principles. It seems to me the debate may become virtually endless.
