Nowadays it is argued that children lack attention from their parents because the latter are busy with their work. This essay will introduce the major reasons for such a phenomenon with the coming out problems ending up with reasoned conclusion.
One of the main reasons for such a change in parents-child relations is the necessity of earning extra money for the proper kid’s development in future. This means that the contemporary society bounds the flexibility of parents’ choices about their kid’s future – they all have to find a good kinergarden for the child provided with facilities of developing talents-among them are sports arts and music schools. Resulting in the shortening of spare time spent with children, parents have to ask the older generation for help-calling grandparents to look for the kids, for instance.
However, this probable solution for a problem may seem good only from the first sight – it causes another difficulty in itself: the notion of «parents» changes and trans forms as kids have two «pairs of parents» and the roles in family completely mix up. This means the dychotomic problem for both parents and children. The former loose connection with the beloved, for whom they work and try to do their best, and the latter lack opportunity to gain experience about the contemporary society with changing values (incomparable with the «grand-parents» generation earned. The good illustration may be the kids grown up by their grandparents in the 1990s, when the economic crises and socially instable situation in Russia did not provide any offer wayout for the parents, but hardworking for their children’s future. This wide-spread practice resulted in childrens’ fuling of being emotionally weak and afonuised from the harsh world outside – many of them refused going to. University and to work, as they have not gained the new values and need of survival in competitive economic system.
Summing up, the economic needs for competitiveness and both survival farcing parents to do extra work resulted in shortcoming of the time which could be spend on bringing up the kids and giving them experience about contemporary society’s situation. Despite the grandparents are in most cases ready to keep, they can not transfer the values of the new world to the kids and their results in the loss of the way and paths of life for the grown-up adults in future.
