In today's world of fierce competition people pay a lot of attention to the problem of children's education and development. The purpose of this essay is to discuss different aspects of problem with teaching a foreign language in the modern schools. 
To begin with that it is well-known fact that nowadays majority of schools offer opportunities for children and young people to learn not only state language, but also to learn different foreign languages. However, there is question: when is better to begin to learn languages other countries. Some people think that it is normal than children began to study foreign language than they are in the secondary school. One argument in support of this statement that children became (after primarily schools) all neccessary basic knowledge to this time and they are ready to get knowledge in other disciplines (includes also one or sometimes two foreign languages). 
On the other hand, if one based on the latest exploriation, it should be said that it is more profitable not only for practic language skills, but also for children's memory than they began to learn foreign language in primarily school. The second think that needs to be said in support learning foreign languages in first 4 or 5 classes is that children in age 6-10 years-old more active and they can remember more information and different tasks. In addition, they feel themselves better to learn something new and don't have fairs for speak with other people. They are very talkative in this age (6-10 years-old) and have intersed to improve their skills next. 
Moreover, it will be unfair not to mention the fact that if children began to study foreign languages in primarily school, they can to learn also other languages in the future in the secondary school. An example to this statement can be served pupils, who learn English since first class, have more opportunite to be successful in language than children who don't study languages. 
Taking everything into a consideration, it can be said, that it is very neccassary today having different skills in language, because if children know more than one language they can be more successfull in work and in life in general. For this reason, it is better to began studying foreign language in primarily school.