Nowadays it is wide spread practice around the world when the person has equal rights to enter the university inspite of his age, sex or income. But some people believe that boys and girls should have the same number of places in every particular area of studing. I am deeply convinced that such an idea makes entering to the university unfair. 
First and foremost, accepting equal number of people of different sex breaks the modern system to entering to the university which is based mostly on knowledge, will and labour of every particular student. If the person is better than the candidate of different sex, it will be unfair to her or him not to take the place only because of it. Secondly, nowadays there are many spheres where males or females do better, so there are more students of this sex on this subject in the universities. For example, it is thought that hard physical job is more suitable for mens and jobs which contribute the ability to care about children seem to be most female. So accepting equal numbers of male and female students creates the situation when all places of one sex are full, while in the same time the places for other six remain free. Moreover, as it has already said our modern society is believed to have equal rights for everybody which means that if someone would like to choose some subject he or she should be limited only by his or her own abilities and willignness to do it and the government has no rights to restrict it. 
But on the other hand, girls seems to be more responsible, for their studies so usually they have better results of exams and so they have more opportunities to get a place in the university. Unsurprisingly, they would prefer more prestigious and well-paid subject, even if they are not interested in it. It makes the situation when talented boys cannot enter the university and girls do boring job for them. In such situation equal number of vacancies might be a good idea, but the situation should be first well explored and thoughts of employers and market situation should be taken into accant. 
To sum up, I would like to say that I am mostly disagree with this suggestion because first of all it brakes person's rights and makes the process of accepting students kind of unfair. But in some cases such practice might be used but in the current situation should have an accurate observation.