I have had about the research which indicated that the characteristics we are born with have much more influence on our personality and development than any experiences we may have in our life. 
There are two different opinions. Some people think that characteristics given to us when we are just in mother's bully influence out lifes. Some people do not think so. Personally I think that both characteristics influence our personality and life. I believe that when you are just in a childhood, you behave like father or mother. In my opinion girls behave like fathers and boys - like mothers. But if you do not like some characteristics, you are able to change them. Saying "you" I mean "parents", because if parents would like to improve some characteristics of their child, of course, they can. For example, one of my favorite films is "Elf". The movie is about a boy, who was alone, his father did not knows about film and kind elfs brought him up. A very funny Christmas carrol. But once, the boy met his father, they became a family and there was a very funny moment when they were sleeping in the same position. Of course, this is not personality or development, but I am talking about the fact, that we are all similar to our parents. And what about characteristics? When I was a child I was behaving like my uncle. A child was taking the same way as a so yeared man. Some years when mother told me about this fact I couldn't believe, but now I am sure she was telling the truth. But if you would like to bring up a real personality, you do not have to give up at your first steps. It is possible to make some changes in the characteristics we were born wife. But if you need to have a real result, you have to work at your baby's personality at its first steps. I know a real situation when a woman did not like her husbands personality, but they were in love and had a baby. This baby, this girl was becoming similar to father. And the woman decided to work on the problem and solved it! 
So, in my opinion the characteristics we are born with and experiences we may have in life are equal.