In the modern world people try to explore as much as positive in order to indicate some ways to forecast our future. There are some argues about factors which influence our personality and therefore, our behaviour and future in society. Some of the researches show that the crucial points are the parameters we have when we were just born. However, there are those who do not agree with it, and I am one of them. 
I generally believe that nearly the biggest impact on us has the way we were brought up by our parents, not just some mechanisms which we may or may not have after birth. Firstly, there are numerous examples showing that during a lifetime a person can change (both for better and for worse) and usually the milestone event happens in the early part of this life. Partly, it can be explained that before this turning point he had been influenced that before this turning point he has be influenced by parents and their views the world and other this point he may have had some insight of his own. 
Furthermore, as far as it heard about the researches that proves that our personality is practicly determined the minute we are born, cannot tell that they are very reliable just because of the methods. However, it cannot call this idea completely senseless just because of genatics. Some of the illnesses we may have come from our genes and this fact for sure can our development, especially physical. 
Most importantly, our every day experience influence us in a bigger matter than the genes. Even if a person has some disabilities that supposed to make him, for example, grumpy because of it, it is not "must be". Everything depends on the bookshe read, the films he like and the people who surround him. This base gives him certain way of thoughts, which determine him as a personality. 
Summing up, I am absolutely do not agree that out picture mostly depends on out characteristics from birth. I say that everything is in our hands and depends on us. I hope that even the longest situations can change for better just because of a men's will.