Nowadays the issue connected with public health is really important and actual, so, it is discussed worldwide. There are a great number of ways of solving such problems as improvement of public health. Some people are sure that good result can be achieved only by increasing sport activities while others claim that this method is not effective and other measures should be used. Personally I can partly agree with the first point of view, as sport usually has a good impact on our health. While training, our musculs are working which helps us to be in fit. Moreover, it is really helpful, train outdoors, because the most period of our life we spend at home, at work, in transport and so on. However, there is a problem of lack of places to train in the fresh air, that is why many people choose to do sport activities in a special gims and sport clubs, like "sportlife". Also there are many other ways to improve public health. Some of these are connected with food and drinks, that nation eat and drink. Everybody knows that healthy food, right food diet influence our organism to work properly, so, this issue has a really important character and should be solved on the state level. I mean, the quality of products, the date of the production, the ingredients which are used in production should be strictly controled by the government. Another mind how to improve public health is to make special restrictions on such products as alchogol drinks, cigarets, drugs and so on. It is known that all this products have a bad affect on vital parts of our organism. So, prise restrictions, special places for smoking should be created to save nation's health. To sum up, health is a vital part of our life, and every country wants their nation to be healthy and happy, because this issue is connected with new generations. There are various ways to achive good results in public health, lent all of them have a state serious character: the development of sports by building places to train and increasing the number of sport facilities; control of the quality of food and drinks; restrictions on unhealthy products. All these methods will help to form a healthy nation.