Nowadays people tend to have more and more problems connected with health. Some of them can't be solved only by medecine, but other could be solved by involving people in sport activities. And some people think that the best decision of public health problem is to give people a wide range of sports facilies. But others think that it will be not efficient and would not have big influence on public health. 
One the one hand if people would get a choise between a large number of different sports facilities it will because to them to find sports in which they might be really interested. And by visiting different sports sections people get enough physical activity to keep their health on the right level. Also, some kinds of sports might be used in treatment of people who have some physical restrictions and with development of facilities for this sports it will be easier for these people to live full life. Thirdly, parents usually tends to send children in different sports, and the wider the choise the easier for children find sports that they like and in which they might become a professionals. Also, doing sports from childhood is great way to raise a health generation. 
But on the other hand increasing the number of sport facilities could not make people, who are not interested in it at all, do sports. May be giving information about benefits of doing sports of forcing to do sports by some laws or restrictions will be more effective. Some people might say that the best way to improve public health is the development of health care programms. Other solution of this problem is connected with sports facilities: it might be better not to increase the number of them, but to make exsisting facilities more available to people. 
In my own opinion increasing the number of sports facilities might be greate solution of public health problem. But it will be more efficient to combine this solution with giving information about benefits of healthy lifestyle and doing sport, and with the development of health care system.