Nowadays the problem of public health is widespread and people are concerned about the situation in the future. They propose some ways to solve it. Some people think it can be solved by increasing number of sports facilities. However, other people are convinced that it is not the way out, and another measures are required. I totally agree that improvement of sports equipment is not enough to improve population health. 
In the modern world, a lot attention and efforts is paid to sports facilities. Government allocates significant sums on building new football field, basketball boxes and another places to spend time efficiently with benefit to health. Schools are also engaged in this process and spend a lot of money to equip their sport halls. And some changes can be seen. For instance, children go out from their homes, not spend time watching TV and surfing the Internet, but communicate with friends by playing in active games. As a result, they don't have problems with health. 
Nevertheless, this only method can't dramatically change the situation, another measures are needed. In particular, television has a great impact on people, especially, on young generation. It promotes some negative and inapropriate ideas like drinking and smoking through TV comercial and another sources. Another sphere which sometimes has a negative influence in music. Lyrics of many groups, sometimes even famous like containts awful words and situations which, sequentially, are repeated by young audience. The only way to improve the situation is to check these sources and, if needed, impose some penalties on companies which spread ideas of unhealthy way of life. Secondly, alcohol and cigaretes are the most important source demaging our health. That's way if government ellimite illegal sales of this products and punish dishonest producers the situation may positively changed. Besides, it can increase pices on harmful production, thus, public will no incentive to smoke and drink. 
To sum up, the only way to improve public health is not to prohibit something, because it is useless, but to influence people mentally through promotion of healthy way of life with the help of TV and the Internet.