The problem of public health has been discussing for many years and, undoubtedly, we can consider this issue as international. There are absolutely different ways for solving this crucial problem and I strongly believe that application of the greater number of sports facilities will not be as useful as many people confirm. 
First of all, increasing the number of sports facilities does not guarantee that people will suddenly use them. Nowadays, there are huge amount of sports club, gyms, swimming pools. However, only small part of population tends to attend these places. 
Secondly, new sports facilities can be important and useful mostly for young people. Older citizens, meanwhile, do not have opportunity to use them for many reasons. For instance, retired people cannot pay afford attending sports club due to lack of money. What is more important, this problem is available for people of all age group. Pensioners also do not have appropriate health and desire in order to attend gyms and fitness clubs. 
Moreover, buying new sports facilities requires some costs, which not every country, namely city, can afford. Consequently, governments of developing and undeveloped countries have to create any other ways for solving this urgent issue. 
Nevertheless, there are people who confirm that news port facilities will totally improve public health. Thy are sure that there is a shortage of sports clubs and it is the main problem. According to my opinion, we do not need an additional sports facilities, but may be cheaper services could attract new customers, at least young people. 
Summarising preceding arguments, I suppose that governments must make various ways to improve public health for people of all age groups since sports facilities are not the common service. In my point of view, first of all we have to care about our environment as it has direct negative influence on our health. Furthermore, it is necessary to restrict or limit smoking, namely in public places, because smoking causes different diseases. If at least this measures will be made by people, our health will be improved!