The issue of public health becomes more and more crucial in the 21st century. How can this problem be solved? A lot of people seem to think, that increasing the amount of sport facilities will benefit for the society. However, there are some people who doupt that these measures will have a great effect. Is it reasonable to build more sport facilities? 
In my opinion, it will not solve the problem of public health. To begin with, whether or not the person will do sports entirely depends on him. If he is willing to do so, he will find a way to be more healthy, even if there do not exist any sport facilities. The opposite is true, too: if someone does not want to change his lifestyle, he will not do it, even if ne is living in the sports facility. Another thing we should not forget is that the public health is not only about sports, but about medicine as well. Even the greatest sportsmen in the world are not preserved from: ilnesses and injures. Without an effective medicine, it would be highly improbable to cure them. Therefore, I think that this is the area we should invest into. 
However, some people may argue that increasing the number of swimming pools, stadiums and other sport facilities will surely help people to overcome their laziness and start thinking about their health. They claim that this will also increase the interest in sport amoung the young people, like it was in China, and, in the end, the average person will be healthier. This people often forget, that in order to be healthier you must do sports regularly, and in our modern time people are very busy with their jobs and families. The addition of new sport facilities will not solve the problem of the shortage of time, and people will not spend more time in gyms because of their increased amount. 
To sum up, increasing the amount of sport facilities will give more possibilities to do sports, but I am sure that being healthy is not always about sports. It is also about healthy food, good medicine and determination to change your life for the letter.