Nowadays more and more people are concerned about their lifestyle and their health. It is almost impossible to imagine our life without gyms and sport facilities. Some people think, that regular training courses are the only way to improve public health. Others believe, that some other ways are needed. My point here is that there should be some restrictions to control unhealthy activities. 
No doubt, that the range of sport facilities helps people to keep fit and strong. Almost free access to the gyms makes possible for lots of youngsters and grown-ups to participate in healthy activities. They can also take part in some tournaments and while preparing to them, people improve themselves. 
Besides, a lot of men and women are motivated by thousands pictures of handsome and beautiful people in the Internet, so the nation is motivated to go in for sport. And even if they have no money for the sports club, they can use some facilities near their houses in the street, which are provided by the local government. 
However, all these measures are not enough to make public health better. Firstly, lots of people smoke and no regular exercises can preserve them from cancer of lungs. And because of smoking even sport can be harmful due to the pressure on the heart. Thus, the government should fight smoking addiction. 
Another point that comes to mind is a alcohol. It is the second curse of our society. What we see now: many, so called, "sportsmen" spend some time training their muscules, their body, and after this they go to the pubs to drink alcohol to relax. According to the studies it is better for a person to do sports in the evening and no wonder that after gym people want to spend the rest of the day drinking. So the positive effect disappears. Luckily, in our country government banned the selling of alcohol after 11 p.m.
All in all, I strongly believe that the increase of sport facilities is essential, nevertheless it won't work without some restrictions on unhealthy way of life. It is crucial to take into account both aspects to rise public health.