In society there are many different points of view about how improve people's health. Some individuals believe that the most effective way is to develop sport facilities in the country, but others think that it would have no effect and government should find another ways. Let's consider these two opinions. 
Firstly, everyone should do sports in order to support his health. So in the country should be huge variaty of sports that people can do. Of course all kinds of sports should have availiable price for people with different incoms. Because if a person cannot afford to do sport he will not take a loan only for it. It would be too expensive. Moreover government should help people in this way. It should organize different social payments for people who want to become a professional sportsman or simple do sports, because it is necessary for his health. Most people have health problems because they spend little time for doing sport or not do it at all, therefore some heart and legs deseases appear. 
But from the other hand if we do sport it does not mean that we will never have any illneses. Sport only helps to keep our body fit, but it will not help us if we smoke, drink alchohol and have another harmful habits. If we desire to be healthy we should do all for it and one of the main factors is our way of life. We should not have harmful habits firstly. We should eat healthy food, be in a good mood and so on. Despite the fact that sport has good influense on our health and helps us to avoid obesity, for instance, it will not treat stomach-ache, head-ache and we have to drink some medical drugs. Medicine also helps to improve our health, because there are a lot of vitamins which we may accept in order not to ill. 
To my mind, exepting air, food and cloths, humanity cannot live without sport and medicine. Because nowadays there is a tendency to be healthy and fit. So everyone try to follow diets and do sports. Our health will be improved only by combining sport with medicine and with healthy way of life. I believe that in order to be healthy we should take care about ourselves, take into account our thoughts and behavior, do sports, drink vitamins. If a person do all these, he will be healthy.