In the modern world humanity starts to worry more about their health and way of living. On the one side, there is an opinion that people need to have a large amount of sport centres and other ways to do sport. On the other side there are some believers that some other ways of improving health can be useful. Undoubtedly, they are both have pros, however examples and data can find some cons. This essay will consider it and after I will state my own opinion. 
The first plus of having more ways to do sport is that it is widely known about its positive impact on people's health. Sportsmen have better cardiowork, their bones are stronger and mussels support all the body structure. However there is hidden bad side of it. Most of people do not do sport proparly, they tend to use supplements, which can improve their results faster, even if it would have bad impact on health. It is the minus of big amount of sport facilities, which are not necessary for people, but rising risk of buying drugs with unknown effects. 
On the other hand, what positive side other measures of increasing number of health people have? First of all, there is popularization of healthy life-style be advertising, TV - programmes and books. People deside to have a life-style like popular persons and stars have. For example, nowadays magazines and Internet demonstrate us that a lot of singers and actors are vegans. It is widely common tend and people tend to believe it and act as they are. However not all popular persons can be a good example of healthy way living. Teenagers follow stars in their social media (like Twitter and Instagram) and can find some dark side of wealth, which are not healthy. 
All things considered, it should be noted that there is no clear answer to what way of improving national health government or every person should choose. In my opinion, there should be steps, including all way of reaching destination, which unite will bring the right results, no matter which exactly way will be chosen.