The matter of public health has always been a great concern of any society. A popular opinion based on nature of sports facilities seems to be a source of a number of debates. Supporters believe that the government should increase their amount to achieve positive results in public health while others tend to believe in futility of such measures in absence of solutions for another important factors. 
On one hand, supporters of the idea may have a point. Firstly, an increase in sport schools or sport grounds. For extracurricular activities would in fact attract local citizens and raise overall interest in healthy lifestyle. Secondly, such investments would assure the government's interest in maintenance of the facilities and further advertisement in favour of visiting local sport grounds would follow. 
On the other hand, opposition presents valuable arguments as well. Despite the spread of facilities, the quality of these institutions remains as the almost important factor of the input of sports facilities in a nations health. "Quantity before quality" leads to decreased competition, lowered benefits and soon results in lessened interest which brings public health to its previous level. In addition to this, no positive outcomes could be achieved by such measures if the ecological situation of the area is not tackled at the same time. What good can a football school bring when the carbon emissions over the city and polluted parks, lakes are still present? Obviously, public health is not only a matter of psychological set-ups, but a question to the ecosystem of the area. 
Based on the same reasons, author's opinion is leaning towards the general measures opposed to quantative applications. As it is clearly seen in Russia, although new grounds are build and the schools are financed, ecological state in any town nulify the efforts, and the quality of facilities makes them not useful at all. 
To sum up, even though sports facilities are important, the path to their positive effect on public health lies not through sheer increase of their amounts.