Creativity had existed since the man appeared. In different times and different countries the bonnels for creative expressions varies. There are cultures that almost completely restrict any kind of creativity in a certain domain. 
In my opinion, the given question is rather political. From government's point of view, any type of expression freedom is dangerous. To be creative means to think out of a box. Thus, there is as clear danger for political stability of a country if the idea of some soirt of revolution sporeads via publicly acesible objects like pictures, music or films. The main problem is that it spreads extremely fast. 
On the other hand, I find inappropriate for government to influence the creative artists who do harm to the political situation. Such artists must be given freedom to express their ideas as those ideas can be a valuable heritage for future generations. 
There is no way for artists to have an absolute freedom and share their pitentially dangerous ideas with society. Before publicating some of the work, the information has to be censored. However, this process may erase some very important details for future history, so an option to save a copy of uncensored version for private viewing only is a good solution. 
Nowadays there is no clear control of expressing freedom. Thanks to the new technologies everybody can share his thoughts via the internet, the area which is very hard to control by government. China is an example of a country, where government created a special facility to control the internet and detect the dangerous ideas, when those are only being born. The results are outstanding, the were no serious political issues during the last twenty years. 
In conclusion there is no way on man to have an absolute freedom in a society as it is always potentially dangerous for the society itself. Any freedoom leads to the problems to be appeared sooner or later. I think the creative expression has to be strictly controlled for the safety of people.