Happiness is one of the simplest and most complicated thing to define and to reach. Many people travel much and work hard, start new families and have kids in order to understand what does happiness mean. Actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding. 
To start with, definition or just an approach to it is not always worthy. Some people associate it with understanding of the sense of life or, on the other hand, wiyh a worthless aim. Not so many people see that happiness as their aim and goal but realise, that going towards hapiness can lead them from some other, also valuable reachings. The most common argument of that group of the recipients is that happiness is a ephemere chemical process in mind and it can be reached anyhow, but the real goal should be the result of your work, intelligence and time-spending. 
Only leaving a historically-meaning result, only being heard and valued by their own kids and country, their life aim can be reached. they can ever be afraid of happiness misleading them and try to keep themselves upright to have enough time to fullfill their goals. 
But, talking about those people who do understand the value of happiness, they always lead for it in their life. and f they have their own definition of happiness it means that they also know about the conditions in which they can reach it. Almost all of them have a personal "list" in which they include some crucial points of their wellness. their personality in these lists is emphasised by their high attention to som specialists that are not even interesting, valuable or even bd for someone else. despite all these differences, the most common points in those values are comfort, self-realization and financial wellness. 
To draw up a conclusion, not many people actually do think about their own happiness because of their life situations or life conditions around. the sense of happiness is valuable for those who cn afford it, first of all. after realising yourself as person who takes happiness in your life's account, you can choose start being a happy person.