The question of happiness is one of the most abstract and undefined. Through the whole history, humans have been looking for the answer. Some find and lead the life they want, some doubt till the end of the life. Indeed, Aristhotel was right when he said that everybody's aim is to reach happiness. In this essay different ways for this will be revealed, but it is obvious that all people find different fators necessary - that is why the problem of happiness is so hard to define. 
One of the most popular answers to the question "What do we need to feel happy" is loving and beloved family. Almost all the people - both men and women- dream of a patient existance with people who love you, take care about you. For this reason, people meet with each other and, consequently, fall in love. If they are sure in their feelings or because of some conditions, males and females get married, buy a house and then decide to give an adorable child a birth. Since then, the life of yhe spouses rapidly changes, but, in most cases, become better and happier. this is the plot of most people lives. Are they satisfied? It depends. But, in fact, our instincts dictate us to follow these steps, and the nature never lies. 
The second factor that plenty of human beings find vital is obtaining enough income. It is not argued that the qulity of life strongly depends on the quantity of money we have. Finances open a lot of doors, allow us satisfy our needs and desires. It is significantly connected with the first condition of happiness - family: if we take on responsability for our children, we have to think about money. However, one thing, that we should remember, is that people are not able to buy everything in the world: deep feelings, simple joys, honesty cannot be counted in rubles or dollars. 
The last factor of happiness to be revealed is a well-known fact that people should enjoy their job: otherewise they will feel unhappy. Everybody needs to find his life-calling. It is eay to be said, but hard to be implemented. Thre are a vast variety of examples when at the end of the life a person comprehends that he was wasted his life, doing the wrong things. People should not be afraid of changing their life if they start thinking tht the things they do are not worthy. It is never to too late to give something, you dream about a try.
To sum it up, three aspects of happy lif were revealed: family, enough money, and a job that satisfyes you. Of course, there lots of other things that can influence our general mood, but these are ones most important. A person is able to overcome anything if relatives support him; provide a comfortable life if his finances allow that; stay happy if his job is not stressful, but enjoyable. If we have these three things, the question "How to become happpy" would not come up.