The university education is very popular nowadays among young people of both sexes. However, in the society, there is still an opinion, that there are several subject, which are more convenient for males and vice versa, and that the university authorities should except different amount of stident regarding their sex. It is a controversial issue, which is worth discussing. 
First, some people think that there are some specialisations, which are considered to be almos exclusively male, such as work requiring the usage of hand labour. The domains of science is usually believed to be "conquered" by men, for instance. Actually, the Nobel Prize commetee anounces, who has won the prize, and men are prevailed as winners in such categories as Physics, Chemistry, Economics. Besides, there are some almost female professions, such as teachers, nurses and workers in kindergardens. It is often believed, that women are more likely ti succeed in such jobs, because of their "mother instinct" and aninitial inclination to take care of people. 
On the other hand, such discrimination may lead to some major conflicts, concerning the equal rights of men and women. According to the Declaration of Human Rights people of both sexes can have equal rights to receive an education in any areas. So, it means that one cannot be chosen just juging by his or her sex. Besides, inspite of an indisputably great succes of men in the science field, women have been taking over these sphere as well, for example Maria Cury or Sophia Kovalevskaya made some essential revelations during their career. In addition, males have become more integrated in some traditional female professions. 
To conclude, I am personally convinced, that men and women should be treated equally, because the capability of an individual does not depend on his or her sex, but on their personal skills, knowledge and will to succeed in this or that profession, regardless what the others may think about it, it is a matter of a personal choice.