It is often claimed that it would be better if universities have accepted an equal number of male and female students in every faculty. Whether it is a good idea to have mixed groups of students, or it is better to have clearly separaited students of the same sex, is a controvercial question worth discussing. 
To begin with, I would like to say that acception of equal numbers of girls and boys shows that everyone has the same rights, and noone can stop you from studying where you want, because all the people have equal rights. Moreover, mixing the groups of male and female students creates a friendly atmosphere, which makes the process of studying easier for both. For example, in the faculty of philology there are too many girls and almost no boys, which leads to many conflicts and the decreasing of knowledges. In addition, in mixed groups people can see different points of view, that fact will help in future. Finally, it has to be mentioned that women can do everything as well as men, for example many scientists are women, even though in the beginning of the 20th century the proffesion of scientist was considered as a job for men. 
On the other hand, speaking about the opposite opinion, that claimes that the equal numbers of male and female students is unnessasary, because of some physicall reasons. Firstly, women cannot do the job, that requires a lot of power, that is why thry do not need to go to some faculties, so there will be only men. Moreover, the facilities of men's brain allow to understand some point easier, that is why there are no problems with understanding special materials, while girls have a lot of problems with it, so it is easier to get knowledge when everyone understands the materials equally. Thirdly, women can easily adopt to special jobs as nurse or teacher because of their basic instincts - they are created to be mothers, so they can easily deal with children in most cases, while the work of the teacher for men will be much more complicated. 
In conclusion, I would like to say, whether to chose the faculty with equal members of male and female or to study separately is a matter of personal choise and referens. Personally I believe that it is better to study in mixed groups where the number of girls and boys is equal, because it provides better atmosphere and makes the understanding of the knowledge better.