Creative artists should always be given the freedom to express their own ideas in whichever way they wish. There should be no government restrictions of what they do. 
I absolutely agree with this opinion. It is obvious for me, that creative artist needs the freedom to express his ideas without a pressure from the government or social opinion. 
An artist, who is able to creative freedomly can make a chedevre, because he or she doesn not have biases and can express him or herself. Thoughtout the history there were many examples of governmental pressure, which influence art in a bad way. For instance, in the Soviet Union there were not private orders, only the government had enough money to pay for the architectural services. The government could control the process of building from the very start; drawing a plan of the building, to the end, than it was built. That affected the Moscow architecture and all the plans and buildings became alike, so that the government prefer. That is the reason, why we don't have buildings in art-noureaw or art-deco in Moscow, but a great amount of buildings in one architecture still of Stalin's ampire and after that in constructivism. Moreover, in modern world we still have such examples of government restrictions. In Russia we almost have a censor in a mass media. This year many independent channels and journals were restructered that way government could control them. The government trys to take away a freedom of words and ideas, represented in a mass media. It seems wrong to me, as I think, that we must have a possibility to read a different positions, including an independent positions to make a full understanding of the events. In addition, the journalist should have an opportunity to express their opinion without government restrictions on what they do. 
To sum up, I suppose that there should be the freedom to express your own ideas, no matter who you are a creative artist on an average person, there should be no governmental pressure.