Currently a wide range of students prefer not to enter a university after their graduation from school. They are fond of having some practice at work or seeing the world and having a rest before becoming students. Personally, I believe, in broad terms it is true to some extent. So, let's consider this matter. 
To begin with, it is believed that pupils who just have graduated from a school should immediately become applicants and enter the university. I can easily understand this point of view: traditionally, a few years ago teenagers were eager to continue their education at the same time they had finished a school because a person without a postgraduational qualification was considered as a representative of a law social status. Nowadays a wide range of people share this point of view and try to maintain traditions, entering a university immediately after finishing school. It is worthwhile because these teenagers wouldn't loose a year and waste their time on some kind of unnecessary stuff. However, there are people against this point of view, according to them, a gap year is a unique opportunity to recharge batteries and think clearly about future education and career. 
As for me, I am into the idea of having spare time between school and university. Firstly, some teenagers are hesitating about their future profession while graduating from a school, they do not know what university to choose. Having a gap year, they are able to have a practice in various spheres and then decide wich one is the most appealing to them and continue developing in this sphere starting their studies at university. Moreover, adolescents are able to work during this period and earn money for their education, so that their parents will not need to pay for it. Aditionally, teenagers can simply have a rest and prepare for their future studying, so that they will not be exhausted after passing final exams at school. 
Considering all the issues, I suppose people are right in giving arguments both : for and against a gap year. However, I am totally sure that having spare time between these two stages of education would be beneficial of teenagers.