There is a believe that equal numbers of students of each gender should be accepted by universities in every field. 
From my point of view, such kind of quotation leads to the descrimination of some students. A girl might have high results and recommendations but she will not be accepted because of your genderas there are, for example, already 30 girls and no boys have applied yet. 
Any restrictions of that kind provoke problems in specialization of female and male students. It is absolutely clear that boys and girls nowadays still differ and tend to have different career orientations. That is why it is unfair to make them choose certain subject because of gender limitations in another one they would have preferred to study instead. 
Technical field is known to be more demanded among boys when girls would more likely go for fashion industry or sociology. There is going to be a disbalans in the number of female and male students in each subject because of this psychological factor. 
There is a believe that equal numbers of students of each gender should be accepted by universities in every field. 
From my point of view, such means of quotation might lead to the discrimination of a great number of students, both males and females. 
For example, a girl may have scored high test results and still will not be accepted due to her gender as there have already been shaped a group of ten girls and only boys are legit since this time. Any restrictions of that kind tend to cause problems in the special ration of male and female students. Boys and girls nowadays as a matter of fact, are still expected to have different career expectations and opportunities as well as different fields of interest. It is unfair to make students of both gender base their orientation on universities' quotations and choose certain subjects over another one they would have preffered to study instead due to gender limitation. 
One field is known to be more demanded among boys when another is popular with girls. That is a psychological and sociological factor which cannot be neglected by universities' authorities. There is going to be a disbalans in number of female and male students in each subject and it is normal, that is why no changes should be applied in that case.