In the beginning of my essay I would like to write that the problems of gender's inequality which to shown in this question is actual even nowadays. There are many of states where female has not any rights. They even cannot study at university. To tell the truth, I do not consider that it is allowable. Nevertheless, the question is not such an easy as it seems at the first time. It has both advantages and disadvantages which I will illustrate for expressing my own opinion. 
It is totally agreed that both male and female should have equal right to get an education. That is why in my opinion this is a rather appropriate idea to give equal acceses to universities despite of gender's identification. Moreover, this can support to create better relationships between both males and females. The reason is that, it can protect from some difficulty because of minority of one gender. Besides, I think it can solve the probrem which we have in our university system. For instance, there are too few male in huminatarian fields such as studying languages, law, political science, journalistic and so on. As for technical subjects the problem is the same - there are too much guys and a few girls. 
However, there is another side of the coin. Method of accepting students which consist of equal places both for males and females can lead to some undesirable consequences. For example, I think, it is quite unfair because university cannot bring one more rather talented student in physics university because of this place reserved for female. The same problem be in humanitarian university. Another argument is that this situation may will result gender's inequality on its own. The thing is that you are accepting at university not only for your personal qualities and intelligence but as for your gender. 
Frankly speaking, this problem is rather complicated for me. At the first time I wanted to answer that I completely agree with accepting equal numbers of male and female. Then, I supposed that it is not suitable and realible for our modern education system.