Education is considered to be one of the most important prioritetes or modern people. But sometimes it is hard to get enough knowledge facing with disoder and lack of dicipline. Personally I think that there are three main reasons why students are tend to break the rules of behaviour during classes. 
The first reason is extremely heavy workload. Students have to fulfill various tasks all the time, so they have not enough lea sure time that they are trying to compensate it by means of misbehaviour. There is a natural desire to talk to classmates occurring in the most students' mind and sometimes the beginning of the lesson is not quite a weighty reason for stopping the discussion. Also breaking the discipline can be a method for having the authority to the class, because young people are usually very dependant on their counterperts' opinion. 
The second cause can be connected with progress. All students have modern gadgets equipped with social networks, games and music, which often distract the attention from the studying subject. Unfortunately, some young people are closely addicted to using them and cannot stop it even after being asked by a tutor. 
The fird reason can hide in the structure of lesson itself or even in the tutor. During lections with no presentations or examples, bare numbers can make almost everybody to get bored, as well as a tutor showing no enthusiasm about a subject and not trying to involve class in the process. 
I think that there are some effective measures which can help to avoid these unplesant situations. Firstly, it is essential to set up a list of strict rules which should forbid using gadgets during the lessons and talking. Secondly, it makes sence to lengthen breaks as students can chat enough. Thirdly, it is necessary to work out ways making learning process more modern, vivid and interesting, that students wouldn't feel boredom and distract their attention. 
I think following these advices can improv studying and teaching, make them more attractive for both sides. As a result of these measures, level of knowledge is likely to increase, as well as enthusiasm, which is highly important for education.