Governments of most countries of the world try to innovate their education system. The process of modernisation is easy to be seen. However, still there are serious problems with student behaviour. 
In order to understand these problems it is important to know the causes of such student behaviour. There are several reasons for that. Firstly, some schools have really strict rules that are always guided by teachers. The uniform rules that tell pupils about how they should behave themselves at classes and so on… it happens that pupils have very limited freedom. At their age it is important to give them more freedom because their main traits of character are formed, their unique abilities are developed. Such restrictions can lead to various conflicts between teachers and pupils. By the way in schools pupils of different abilities study together. This is where humiliation sometimes borns. Some pupils are better, they are loved by teachers. That is how other pupils that are not so good in the subject can feel discomfortable. 
Touching upon the theme of solutions I personally support the idea of formation of classes where pupils with equal abilities can study. Some schools in Europe and Russia have recently started up such type of a programe. I think that it prooved its success. The conflicts have become a much more rare event. Moreover, I support a point of view that strict rules of behaviour at classes, rules about being late at classes are not really needed. They usually become the base of conflicts between teachers and students where both sides can be right at the same time. As an example it can be said that a pupil may be late for his morning class because the train in the metro suddenly stopped and did not go further. However, teachers have certain rules. Thus they have to put a bad mark and write a note for the pupils parents. On the other hand pupils usually attend some courses when they are at school. At courses there are usually no severe problems with student behaviour as there are no strict rules. 
In conclusion, the education system is being developed every day. Scientists search through better methods of education that can help to eliminate conflicts. I believe that problem connected with student behaviour will soon disappear.