Nowadays more and more people tend to download illegal content in the Internet which results is huge money losses for the creators of this content. Some call this theft or robbery, others say that modern copyright laws are outdated. 
My personal opinion is that we need to overthink the legal system in the field of digital content ownership, and here are several reasons why. 
First of all, pirate copies are not theft. When a person copies a file he does not steal it from the owner - the owner still has the original, and there is no problem to continue selling it. 
Second argument may be used in defence of filming piracy. Nowadays most films get profitable when they are still in production, even before they are finished, so free copies in the Internet do them no harm. 
Third, most musicians make profits by giving concerts, not by selling their music CDs or digital copies. More and more artists start to understand that loyalty of fans highly depends on their popularity in social media and interactions with people directly on Facebook, Twitter, Youtube etc, which results in growing numbers of tickets sold for the shows. For example, almost all Russian rappers share their music for free in VK and make it available to buy in iTunes at the same time - so that a fan can say "thank you for your music" by buying a digital copy of a single or an album. 
To sum up, online piracy is totally different from theft not only because the original stays with the owner, but also because it is a great opportunity to gain popularity, especially for young and yet undiscovered artists, because who would like to first-buy-then-listen to unknown music? It's always easier to first-listen-then-say-thank-you, both for an artist and a fan. The same goes with films - one can buy a ticket to the cinema to support the producers after labeling a film payworthy for himself. So, one more time, piracy should not be punished under any circumstances and the copyright laws should be either eliminated or rewritten from the beginning. 