Nowadays many people believe that health problems in many countries can be solved by opportunity to do sports that should be given to any individual. On the other side, we have the ones that arguing: they consider that sports is not the only necessary measure should be taken. 
Undoubtedly, there's many arguments can be given for increasing sport facilities and vice versa: let's take a look at the most important ones. First of all, it's the kids we can speak about: in the period their small curious minds are being formed, it seems to be pretty easy to take the wrong path. I've seen by myself how families are been literally ruined by the kid's drug usage: in many ways it can be prevented by government giving various sports doing opportunities: sometimes children just don't know what to do with their time. Furthermore, there's one more interesting tendention that takes place: poor families are most tending to use. So we can conclude if they'll not have to pay to do some certain sports, they may choose the sportsman's way. 
These arguments are seem to be pretty ensurable, aren't they? Nevertheless, we have disagreed individuals having their own opinion. First thing need to be said against such kind of policy is that sport is most essential and natural kind of activity we can even think of! All one has to do to start jogging is to buy a couple of sneakers - it's that easy! What about the profit? It seems to be way more attractive than living not longer than 40 years because of a heart attack or a stroke. The main thesis here is: "People already have big opportunities. They choose their own way by themselves". Moreover, there's a lot more measures needed to be taken by government: for instance, some people say that free professional education can solve a lot more concerns more effectively. 
I strongly believe that healthcare of every single person is his own responsibility. More than that, I think that such kind of responsibility goes from inside, via our thoughts and beliefs. So here comes the conclusion: I support second point of view and think that to start jogging you need not the buildings, but the legs.