Architects always had very important mission in our world. Nowadays things have not changed. We can see the work of architects all around us, when we go outside, when we travel, and even when we go home. But what should we pay prior attention when we assess their work? To the esthetic part or to the reliability and comfort? I think it depends on the situation and now I will try to explain why. 
To begin with, We all understand beauty in our own unique way. So we cannot want from the architects to build something satisfying for our taste. But we can expect them to build something that will not fell apart. We have to be sure that we can calmly sleep in nights in our house or do not worry about our safety when we visit some public places. Every architect should have priorities and safety of people should come first. What the point to build a masterpiece when it will not survive long time? When we want to go to the mall we want it to be comfortable, we do not care much about its beauty. Same about parking places or airports. But would be our world even half that beautiful if all architects would worry only about buildings serve their purpose and not about beauty? 
In this case of course our world would lose a lot. All famous capitals and historical places would not be even famous anymore. Traveling itself would stop make any sense. We love Greece or Italy because we can enjoy the work of great architects from the past. And we love to visit casual places as malls or cafes when we travel because they are different from what we used to see in our countries. We can see how architect planed building not just comfortable and safe, but also esthetically stunning. Due to that each street has its own face. Tourists or citizens can enjoy this art beauty even when they just took a walk without going to the museum or gallery. 
To conclude, I would like to say that all building has to serve their own purpose; however, sometimes this purpose is to make people happy and leave them memorizable moments about certain place. 