Probably the most important discussion in architecture since the XXth century is the values of aesthetics and practical usability in a building. Through I do not think that this question is possible to be answered unambiguely, I will try to argue that the beauty of architecture, as one of the mist important part of surroungings in which a modern human lives, bears an undoubtful importance, through it does not contradict with the its practical functions. 
However, I must admit that there truly are examples of buildings which serve their purposes poorly, due to the domination of aesthetical features in them. I can take utopian architecture as an example. Through often utopian architectural projects remained only fantasies of their creators, they also periodically came to live. Utopian space is an important paradigm of correct reception and understanding of early Soviet architecture. It is often associated with constructivism, but I mean precisely Stalin architectural projects. The most utopian and gigantic of them was the Palace of the Soviets. It should have been built on a place of the Temple of Christ the Saviour and be tens of times higher and wider than any other building in the centre of Moscow. On top of it, according to the plan, there should have been a huge statue of Lenin. So, as we can see, there was absolutely no clear practical purpose of this palace. At the same time, it would require enourmous resources to build such a building with the only goal - to praise the USSR and its governement. This is an example of negative influence of aesthectics on architecture, a situation, when architects forget to think about real people and their needs, the ways they would use the building, live in it or near by it, communicate with others and create new social practices there. 
On the other hand, aesthetics does not always mean that a building cannot bear any practical functions to be beautiful. Through this can sound strange, I would take Chinese projects of green cities as an example. An eco-city is precisely one huge building standing on an artificial island connected with a bridge. Such a building contains in itself absolutely anything necessary for the live of its habitants: apartments, kindergardens, schools, places of work and so on. There are also public spaces such as shopping malls. But the mist important feature of this city-palace is that almost all its outside surface is covered with plants, which produce oxygen needed for people in it and for the whole country as well. And the general appearance of this complex is extremely fascinating. It does not have any unnessesary elements and at the same time all of them together create a tremendous effect on a person who looks at it for the first time, and the beauty of it, I suppose, will be always felt by its future habitants, which will make their lives objectivly happier. 
So, as I stated in the beginning, the beauty of surroundings affect a person as well as its purpose. 