Most of us are fortunate enough to have a family and to be raised by our parents. Many people believe that the relatives have crutial influence on the future life of a child. But from another point of view there are other factors that can affect a person during his or her childhood. 
On one hand, parents or people that replace them take vital decisions while we are to young to make them on our own. For example, they choose the school you will attend or where you will live. Many sportsmen achieved their goals mainly because their parents decided that their child needs to go to a sports school. I speak from personal experience - my parents moved to Munich when I was 1 year old and I grew up thinking of myself as about a german girl. It shaped my life and my mind. Not only parents can affect a person, there are also other close relatives - siblings, for instance. I have a friend who has an older sister - they have a huge age gap. He always looked up to her, asked her for advice when he was in trouble and after he ahd his parents had a huge fight, he moved to her. He always says that she made him who he is today. However his parents were far from perfect and it would be hard for him if it was not for his sister - influence is not always good. Who knows what a person he would have become. 
On the other hand, there is no doubt that children are influenced outside from home. Children care what their peers think of them. Everyone wants to be cool and liked, so we often listen too much to what others have to say. Sadly, children are not always expierienced enough to choose the right friends and can get under wrong influence. Moreover, in the time that we live in there is at least one TV in almost every houshould and the majority of children have some sort of their own devises. People often talk about how media affect us but I am not sure that everyone really understands. It is shocking when you see preschoolers playing with their iPhones when in reality even a mind of a grown-up is not always prepared to deal with things that come with media - like cyberbulling or scammers. We also spent 11 years at school, where we sometimes develop almost parent-child relationships with teachers. I visit my teacher once a month or so, because she always has the right words. Maybe relationships like this are not that common, but they happen. 
Overall, I think that the most powerful influence on us has our family. Other factors are not completely insignificant, but with the right guidence of a parent figure the bad influence can be avoided while allowing a good one - a true friend or a friendly teacher. 