There is an opinion that the building does not need to look like a work or art, as it is more important for a building to serve its purpose. Personally, I disagree with this statement for various reasons. 
First of all, people tend to prefer having nice-looking things around, and buildings are no exception. Psychologists claim that one's surroundings can either cheer them up or make them desperate, so living amongst beautiful creations of various shapes and forms instead of average concrete boxes can significantly impact somebody's mood and way of thinking. Moreover, if the building in question is a commercial building, its outside can bring more people to the inside. Some may connect it to the potentially good quality of products, some may be just lured in by the facade, but either way, the outside might really matter when it comes to sales. Furthermore, if a building is beautiful and well-constructed, it can serve as a local cultural heritage, like various theatres, stadiums and even more "regular" places like unusual homes and offices. I have one in my hometown that is called Technopark and it is our local pride besides being a workplace for many. 
However, there are some points that make the statement in question valid. For example, architects can go too far making the building look good that they may overlook the purpose itself, making the buildings difficult to be in, and sometimes even actually dangerous. Many people who live or work in beautiful but poorly constructed and/or planned buildings experience daily problems, and sometimes the news even show us examples of buildings crashing and killing people because of it. Another point is the price. Architects charge differently for each work, and the more complex it is, the higher the price. Also, the required materials may vary. Hence, the prices for complex and creatively constructed buildings rise, and in our current economy it is never a good thing. 
In conclusion, I would like to state that despite having its own controversies, the idea of building not only serving its purpose but being beautiful and enjoyable is quite rational. 