There is one popular claim that it is better to gain more money than to have more sparetime. However, there are people who argue that virce versa having a lot of money cannot be compared to having a lot of freetime. The essay will discuss both views and provide arguments. 
To start by the fact that people who devote the biggest part of their life are convinced that money can buy everything and help one to live the best version of life. In other words, "no money, no honey". As an illustration, the main character of the book "Great Gatsby" decided that it is better for him to make as much money as he could. Thus, he was doing some business affairs even during one of his parties, he was not enjoying his life but at least he lived in the best conditions. Furthermore,such people are passionate about money and it gives them a certain feelinf of satisfaction. For example,the most popular money-maker, Scroodge Macduck. Money was the only thing that he was worried about, the absense of time for his relatives was not a problem for him. Instead he could take a bath of gold coins and live in the best house which mahe him happy. 
However, those who prefer sparetime to money know that spending the whole life on making money can only lead to a lot of health problemes. A good example is old people who are visiting a number of doctors nowadays because they had not had time for caring for themselves beacause they were busy working. My aunt is one of them, and she really regrets it. When a person's routine invovlves only doing some work and no joy, depression is what comes then. Moreover, the choice in favour of money will mean the lost of a wide range of opportunities that life can offer. For example, such activities as making new friends, spending time with relatives, surfing, enjoying sunsets, walks in the parks, cycling, so on and so forth cannot be bought with money. ANother example is my grandfather who spent his life on tying to earn a lot of money, but he had to miss his sons' graduation from school and universities, he even was late for the most important event in his eleder son's life-his wedding because of a business meeting. 
To sum up, both people are right and wrong in their own ways. It is up to a person to choose. In my opinion, life is short and people should take the best of it as no one knows when we will die, that is why everybody must enjoy every day of their life. Still, the best will be the Golden mean. It is what everyone should find between these two options. 