Nowadays many people start noticing so-called wage gap between men and women over the world. It is believed that in most coutries men earn noticeably more money than women that work on the same positions. Even though not everyone is agree that it is true, various scientific researches conclude that the wage gap is real. 
Feminists say that the wage gap is an old institute coming from ancient times. They believe that patriarchy (cultural and economic dominance of males over females) is the key to it. The fact that even in developed countries the wage gap still has place to be is a disturbing proof of gender discrimination that modern women face. 
The graph given shows the comparasion of the difference of the men's and women's wages in 4 countries. First thing to notice is that in all of them men earn more (since there is no negative area on the graph). The leading country on this list is Japan. In my opinion the reason to it is that Japan is the only country on the list where most of population is East Asian. These people tend to have more conservative culture where a lot of patriarchy signs still remains. 
UK and US go right after Japan showing comapable results. In these countries feminist movement sees a wage gap as one of the biggest cultural problems. They are conforted my many anti-feminist movements and this conflict is widely known about in other coutries. 
Germany and New Zealand are famous for admirably high level of life and government's care for social rights. Because of this reason both countries are listed the lowest on the wage gap list (but unfortunately still have a minor lean towards men). It is also noticeable that Germany, surprisingly, is the only country that show the the positive growth of the wage gap over the given period. 
Japan, UK and US on the other hand tend to reduce the wage gap. This could be the result of feminist social movements and improvement of enterpreneurs' care for women's rights. If we consider the information from this graph and the fact that wage gap is real true, we can conclude that even though a lot of work has to be done still to make the difference in pay perish, the whole situation improves over the time. 