During the childhood, the person is formed as a personality by many people and life situations. That is why many people think of what must be and what is the most important part of this process, is that home or some outside influences. This essay claims that the family is the most powerful institution that affects the child's life. This essay will discuss both points of view. 
First of all, biologically the child is a combination of its parents' DNA. That means, that the formation of its character already is strongly influenced by its parents. Even not speaking of mental issues or personality disorders, there is still a bride field of features that are genetically predicted. Moreover, the family is with the child since it was born, so the first moral principles, the first definitions of what is good and what is bad are always taught in the family. It is the task of this institution, of the parents or maybe grandparents. The brightest example can be found in many films, when the child whose family members are criminals becomes the criminal itself. Finally, the family is mostly stable, while the outside can undergo some changes, for example if the family moves to another city or country or the child will be forced to go to another school. 
On the other side, school plays a huge role when it comes to the topic of socialization. The first steps to understand who the child wants to become or what is he or she talanted in are often done at school. The first imitation of social stratification and understanding of one's social status in a small group is also very important. 
Taking these arguments into consideration, I would like to say that all these important parts of the influence outside the home are not necessary. They can be exchanged by what the family can suggest. But it just does not work the other way. The family is what could hardly be exchanged by school or friends. Family members can help the child with its understanding of its further occupation, they can even teach him or her school subjects. 
To sum up, the family is most powerful influence because it is with the child its whole life, although the world outside the home can also play an important role in such processes as socialization. 