Nowadays due to the economic rise and expansion of globalisation people started to pay much more attention to their work rather than free time. People make different priorities and choose either earn more money or spend more time outside of the office. Both views have a number of positive and negative sides that needed to be further discussed. 
As it was mentioned before, there are some people, whose prior goal is to make a lot of money working hard and not to waste their time chilling and hanging out. First of all, this way of living can make you a richer person. It is hard to deny that money value a lot in a contemporary society. Consequently it leads to a better physical living conditions, for example buying of a nice house ot a luxury car, or a number of travelling, studying opportunities. Moreover, when you work hard you can upgrade your social status and become more respectful in a society. However, the constant presence at the office can influence on worsening your state of health and decreasing the amount of basic communication. 
On the other hand, there is an opinion, that it is better for modern society to spend more time with yourself rather than waste it working all day long. Firstly, from this point of view, people in order to earn more money started to forget about basic happiness, as a time spent with dearest and nearest or simply with yourself. Taking a day off can offer you a number of various leisure activities which can boost your inner world, motivation and state of mental health. Moreover, people claim that as humanbeings we need to pay much more attetion to basic valus of life as physical state or self-esteem. For instance, you can read more books, go to the gym regullary and make yourself a better version to broaden your horizons. However, it is crucial to remember of drawbacks of such life. By hanging out most of the time You can simply loose your job and will not be able to afford necessary things as medical insurance. 
To conclude, I would like to point out that both opinions have its own advantages and disadvantages. I firmly believe that making priorities is important, but the choice always depends on person's preferences, background and future goals. As for me, the best option will be to equate working and leisure hours and develop myself in both spheres: professional and personal. 