In the modern world it is nearly impossible to find cities in which the same architectual styles are presented. Moreover, modern architects do not bother themselves with trying to put their project of building in the whole image, picture of a city. As a result, historical buildings, modern ones made of plastic, concrete and glass stand side by side. It creates a special eclectic effect, which can be sometimes fascinating but not usually. Investors do not want to waste their money on the appearance of the building, it's purpose is much more important. Our epoch does not need art in everyday life, it needs pragmatic way of creating. 
Lots of people possibly would not agree with that. Human eye loves beauty, it needs to see streets, which are kind of art itselfves. In the previous centuries architects used to pay a great attention to the style of the building they were creating. The results of their work are still around us. We travel abroad just to see beautiful buildings of the past. In most cases, modern world cannot provide us such a sightseeing, because all that was created in the late 40 years, especially in Russia, cannot be compared with the past architectual works in its artistic value. 
For instance, there are two main streets in Moscow, which are familiar enough to judge: Novyj Arbat and Staryj Arbat. The last is the old one. The buildings there were created in 19th century and even earlier. They all have a couple of floors, but no more than 5. Citizens are able to see the sky and roofs of these buildings, which phycologically relaxing. What is important, it does not affect its ability to serve its purpose. At the same time, the parallel stret - Novyj Arbat - is completely different. It was rebuilt twice in the 20th century, in it's beginning and in 1990s. All the buildings there are probably the opposite of beauty, but they serve their purpose. These buildings mostly are shopping malls and bars. There is no need to think how these kinds of buildings looks like because people spend time inside it more than outside. Probably this arguement is the one that architects use. 
To conclude, there should be a golden middle between beauty and the main purpose of the building. Architects should work both for the serving for pupose abilities and appearance of the building. There is a possibility of changing the city from beautiful to the strange place where one grey concrete box stands beside the beautiful palace of the 19th centure. Besides, this image imfluences citizens a lot. Modern city life gets more like a strange movie about another planet, than the city before the beginning of capitalisation. 