There is a common perception that the internationall organizations, such as UN and its councils, cannot make anything today to minimalize the confrontation and prevent conflicts. So, it is considered that maybe the authorities of different countries should narrow their focus from all the world to a single souverin land. But they are too blind of this utopia to see that our world faces many international problems that could not be solved only if we build a barrer to make ourselves isolated from all the oppurtunities around and economical and social help we usually need for. 
First of all, it should be mentioned that the tendency of an explending intercultural communication only countinues to grow rapidly, so the decision of being separated will make us through away what we have already gaind, so it will not help nor the country itself neither the world order. For example, the recent situation with the INF treaty has shown the world we have to work together, because only the SC can fix the problem by placing the agenda as the most important one and move the deffence system in the way that will suit all the countries involved. Moreover, within the help of investigators it may be considered Switzerland as a neutral zone, so that means even the governments of countries that are not related to any kind of conflicts may still saffer or being released with a help of internationl community. The history of the world we see it today is so deeply rooted to the conflicts and bloody wars, a lot of nations still hold a grudge on others, so it cannot be solved by the withdrawl from every document we signed before. 
Hardly can this argument be the only one for my opinion, another point concerns the well-going of peace keeping missions that are provided within the UN. For instance, the territory of Afganistan is still occupided by the terrorists of Taliban, but the Security Council working with a help of Human Rights Council prevents their attacks. It is also worth to take into account, the results of the missins they did to defeat and demolish IS. 
To sum up, the mankind is going to be saved only united, because the everlasting problems, as AIDs and other, fate, lack of water, low level of education, terrorism, all of the above cannot be solved by one country. I personally belive, it has to be all fighting against the evills, than the one fails in a face of one of them. 