Our world is developing, the cities are extending, people are constructing more and more new buildings because it's really important now, our population is rising every year and because of this people need more places to live, work, learn and relax. 
Moreover, a lot of buildings are not only useful but also very beautiful, however some persons consider that the outlook is not the necessary part and the architects
shouldn't think about how pretty the building is, they need contemplate only
about how to do this place more convinient in use. But I disagree with this opinion,
I believe that people should have attention on how the building looks like. 
Firstly, I reckon that our mood depends on the environment. If the houses around
us are ugly and boring, people are also the same. How it's possible to live in city
where there are not few beautiful buildings at least. On the Internet I have seen the survey which demonstrates the link between citizens, monuments and some interesting places in a city. The data shows that if in the certain area there are
pretty buildings, bright or colorful, people there are happier and kinder than in some area where there are nothing wonderful and attractive. Secondly, I ponder that
it is not so hard to build a skyscraper, for example, which is not only served its
purpose but has a beautiful outlook, I think that the underlying reason why the architects become architects, it's because they want to do our city and world, in
general, more beautiful and interesting. 
However, I should notice that if the building is very bright or bizzare, 
it can steal the people's attention from their work. It can be less productive for
workers and businessmen to have a job in such places. I think that if the building
is just grey and ordinary, it helps to concentrate and contemplate better. 
To sum up, I want to say that there are many opinions about this issue, but
I believe that we can live and work in some interesting and beautiful places, 
so we will have more wish to do something, to keep our ends and enjoy out life. 