Some people believe that it is very important for buildings to be beautiful, while, on the contrary, others think it is better for houses to serve its purpose rather than to look good on the streets. 
From my point of view, all buildings must be strong and people should feel very comfortable in them. Firtsly, the building must be protected from the weather. Secondly, it is important for people who live in to feel very safe. Moreover, the house must be liked by people in both ways: an interior and the view from the street. 
The streets in the city ot in the town must be beaautiful, as it is a part of the place we live in: they should be pretty, look familiar and make the sence of one town, it also should speak about the spirit of the area or city itself. 
In my humble opinion, it is really bad when all houses are different, some of them are new, others are in bad condition, some are styled in one way, others in another, etc. 
However, tourists are always keen on taking pictures of architecture in different countries, as it keeps the spirit of the place, as I said. I, myself, do like taking photos near beautiful buildings. It keeps the pleasure of the moment in that place and at that time. For example, there are Moscow City district near the Kutuzovsky Avenue in Moscow. Its main feature is the high sky scrappers made of glass, and there are always a lot of travellers there, who prefer this places for making photos nowadays. The construction of the buildings are very heavy, but it is made by professionals, so the sky scrappers are strong and there is no risks at all. It is not only heavy, but really pretty and it keeps in minds of the world citizens for a long time. Consequently, it is both serving its purpose of the high buildings and is very pretty. 
In conclusion, I would say I believe that the special acts for renewing old houses is really good for the government which want only the best for its citizens and for the people to feel safer and live in the beautiful city and country. 