The conflict between the functional use and attractiveness of the buidings is a crusial theme nowadays. It happens because of the funds and nesessity to make a balance betweet the beauty of interiors and facades, and the aim of being a place simply for spending there time. 
As far as I am concerned, the appearence of the building is important amough to spend some time on process of consctuction. A am not a fan of precious elements like a portico of fountaines in the luxiry gardes, but in my mind buildings should look like an attractive element of the city. 
The most crusial aim of building's external design is to fit the architecture of the district where the hous is to be build. Even if an architect make the plan of his or her project with the perfect sence of buauty, it may not be appropriate with the buldings which are located aroud. 
Nevertheless, making the house as fancy as one can is an purpos which worth to aim because it is always better to admire the view of the urban jungles. It could be possible only due to the attention of the designer paid on the appearence. 
However, the functional part of the planning could not be denied as an important one. Without smart constcruction choices and the userfriendly design the buldind may not functioned in a proper way. One could said that in case of cutting funds it is better to pay precise attention on surving the purpose of house and do not care about the appearence. From my point of view, skill of finding a balance between design and simplisity of the consctuction is of a great value in that situation. The drafts of the poor founding could be overcome with the use of artistic imagination. Cheaper materials may be used without the reducing of bulding's quality. 
Taking everything into consideration, it seems to me that the external apearence of the house could pay a great role in perception of the citizents. Due to this fact it may be recommended to the architects to pay enough attention on planning how the bulding will look like in the future. 