After Nikita Khruchev's 'Ottepel' a lot of identical buildings appeared in almost all russian towns and cities. People that had a problems with housing then recieved an opportunity to own their personal space and not to sharing it with any other families. The people's need to have their own flats and the speed of building those so-called Khrushevkas did now permit the architects to make great and beautiful projects, so now we can admit grey depressing box-shape condominiums. Does this type of city developement fulfilling all the needs of the citizens? 
Sometimes we can't predict what is better on some stage of the history. By the time of 'Ottepel' it was only possible to build faceless condominiums to give people some place to live. Even nowadays the gouvernement approves projects of the same individuality and beautifulness leves as ones of Khruschevkas. This is caused by a fast growth of the cities. When the city population increase so fast so many people just can't rent a flat the only possible decision is to build more and more quikly built big condominiums and not to think about their exterior a lot. It is also relevant for the cases of hurricaines and other unexpected nature cruelties when people just lose their houses. But sometimes this kind of building is used simply to gain more money from less work, because even though those buildings do not require a lot of time and resources to be produced and built, a flat in one of faceless buildings costs a lot of money. 
I, personally, do not think that the only purpose of buildings is to live in. The atmosphere that creates the building itself is an important thing to think about being an architect. The house should be a home, so why don't produce beautiful condominiums instead of grey ones to make its habitants' lives better? The appearance of the building is the main thing that creates an appearance of the entire quarter. This is also why the condos should be bright and looking like a piece of art. The new quarters appearance can create a new thinking models for people that live in. 
So, architects can surely be avare only about a purpose of a building, not about its look, but it will create a depressed, strict world. No one wants to live in such a dark place. 