The family role in the process of upbringing is widely discussed nowadays. On the one hand, it is the family which has the most essential impact on a child's future personality. While on the other hand, there are a lot of other factors which can be considered much more influential. This essay is aimed to explicate both points of view. 
In the beginning, let us find out why the family is that important for a child's upbringing. First of all, children are exposed to their parents all the time since their birth and they tend to treat their parents as an example subconsiously. That is why if parents smoke, for instance, a child will consider it normal and will be more likely to acquire this bad habbit. Secondly, it is a fully parents' task to explain to their child what is bad of what is good. All that base of moral values is the merit of parents' influence. If mum does not pay attention to her kid's moral upbringing, he or she can grow up as a criminal or simply a bad person. 
Now let us examine this problem from another angle. The environment can be not less important. Here we speak about a bit older age. If a teen finds himself in a bad company at school, this company can have a bigger impact on his personality than the parents' words. Moreover, some personal characterists and traits can be considered in the context of this issue. Some clildren are prone to rebelling themselves, these ones will probably never listen either to parents or to teachers of friends. Other children can enjoy reading and studying since the early age, and for them any motivation by anyone is necessary. 
To sum up, I must say that both views are equally popular among different people, but personally, I am sure that there is not anything more important than a family for a child. It is easy to understand what a child will be like in the future just after getting aquainted with his or her parents. If there are good relationships between a child and the parents, almost no environment will be able to influence the upringing of a kid. 