Architecture is doubtlessly one of the most beautiful ways of human art. Even the ancient civilizations e.g. Egypt, Babylon etc. used to build outstanding monumental bulidings. Middle Ages gave us breathtaking gothic capellas. Eastern architecture of pagodaes is also interesting for a European reasident. But do we need architectural beauty in 21th century? 
It is an average thought that buildings should be made only to perfectly serve their purposes. I cannot agree with it but at the same time I will not say that aesthethics is the first and the last thing which architects should worry about. The truth is in the middle. 
If we go throughout the Russian history, we'll find a period in 60s when people and the country needed the cheap and effective places to live - so Soviet architects created whole districts of the same buildings later be known as 'khruschovki'. They are ugly, they don't catch an eye of man, but they perfectly matched their purpose - to give flats to Soviet residents. 
Now the strategy of the builders use can be called 'higher!'. New districts full of the 20, 30, 40-staged buildings which can place as much people as it can be possible. For me, this situation is also a tragedy for our sense of beauty. It can be understood that such houses are for daily life - but who will really enjoy living there, everyday watching windows of opposite houses? Skyscrappers are beautiful when they are _skyscrappers_ - when they have style and there are a lot of them in the area, like in Mainhatten. Even bright colours and graffities will not rescue buildings I described. 
In Europe, for example in Finland, the houses are mostly small and minimalistically stylish. They do not have complex architectural decisions and are absolutely modern, but do not lose warm atmosphere and easilky awaken a wish to live there. For me, it is the best situation of the compromiss between beauty and purpose. 
To sum up, I can say that architects should be able to find a balance between beautiful, but senseless building and grey, even effective 'khruschovka'. 