Nowadays, there is an opinion that it is hard for one government to be helpful all over the world. That is why, ruling politicians should take steps in helping only for the sake of citizens of one country. I partially agree with this statement that this kind of help could be more beneficial for citizens who live in it but in some situations for other people around our huge world. 
First of all, government should concentrate on its country finacial state, because if it provide money for other need in diverse countries while there are many vivid problems inside it, it will certainly lead to crisis. For example, we had and still have same situations in Russia. Having poor conditions for a living for ordinary citizens, our government is often prone to join war somewhere and help financially another people who may live even in Africa. Moreover, people will respect the government more if they see that there is a result of work and improving different spheres of live in this country. In one case, in Singapur where there is a high level of live, safety and economical state, citizens are sure that all the money which the city has will fo directly to the people and their needs such as medicine. 
Despite all these facts, I consider that thinking only about yourself has a number of disadvantages. Firtsly, without such political involvement, we will suffer more in situations considering terror attacks or natural disasters like tsunami or earthquake. If we look at some experiences, governments of different countries could support each other. When in 2004 there was a smog in Russia when a large amount of forests were in fire, we were provided with necessary things with the help of the government of Belarus. Secondly, people who were born in one country might move to another one and sometimes government can help financially them, for instance, to get education encouriging some projects, presentations or well-paid job with diverse opportunities for going to another country and become a successful specialist in his or her sphere. 
All things considered, I can say that if the country is a poor one and have a bond of problems inside it, the government should focus on these obstacles. Nevertheless, sometimes government could be helpful during extreme times and we should not forget that some countries live in worse conditions and if we have such an opportunity and possibilies, we could help. 