For many centuries architecture has been an incredibly important area of art. There are millions of buildings guarded by the government and art societies. However, it seems like some pices of architecture are impossible to live or work in. Is saving or creating buildings like those really more important than producing houses for the citizens to live? 
Building, no matter if it's for real use or just aesthetical pleasure, requires lots of resources. Money, time, materials, human forces are all significant for producing building. Even though financial side of the problem might be the key to prefer useful things rather than beautiful ones, the architects continue creating huge pieces of art that are basically just city decorations. Some examples those kind of buildings might be the Eiffel Tower, Big Ben, enormous monuments and arches of triumph. Some other buildings could have taken less financing being less decorated. It's not really clear how golden statues on the roof make a museum or theatre more functional than it would be without them. It seems like a plain house could serve as well as a beautiful one. 
While pieces of art cost the government and private companies significant amounts of money, the architectures contunue challenging the world by creating amazing and incredible buildings. Some of them are created just to please the eye of judging public, whereas the others are trying to conquer physics. It turns out that people don't want something functional and ugly. Beauty is one of human needs. No one will deny feeling themselves pleased and admired when walking around some old yet still marvellous pieces of architecture in the city centres, looking at churches and precious monuments, visiting meaningful squares. However, not only old architecture matters. As the time goes by, new forms of art appear and architectures try either to follow the fashion of the decade or to create someting new and unseen. People's desire for beauty is shown also by some public questioning about the issues such as the look of a new underground station. 
To sum up, I would say that it's not only proper serve the properties of a building that is important to the population. Beauty is another very important feature of achitecture. That's the reason why people still try saving old buildings and produce more fine pieces of art. 