Nowadays some people prefer to work hard and enjoy the amount of money they have, and their authority, but they do not have free time, to spend their money. Others believe that free time is more important than money. This essay will discuss both variants and provide my personal opinion in the end. 
To begin with, people, who prefer to work, go upstears on their career ledder, sometimes not only want not to spend their money rapidly, but also do not know how to spend them. Their work is all what they have in life, they enjoy it or not. There are some reasons for it, for example to earn a lot of money for the opportunity to travel and enjoy life in old ages. Secondly, they may want to buy expensive cars or three-flour flats. Thirdly they can think about their children, their education and future business. They want to be confident about their future. 
On the other hand, people who prefer to have more free time, obviously want to enjoy every moment in life in their young ages. It could be travelling, there withiout money they can have bigger culture experience, than people with the money, who wants to die in the hotel after the months full of work. Moreover, they do not depend on money and their future plans, they orginize their time in the way to have more free hours for their hobbies. In contrast, it may be connected with the fact that they do not like their job or do not properly choose their profession, but not always. 
Personally for me, the second way of life is more favorable. I do not want to wait until my old ages, I want to live now,in that exactly moment. There are so many opportunities to live spending little amount of money and have really enourmous amount of emotions. This choice may be too breave for some people, they may think that without hard work, they will not have money and without money they will have poor life. It is scary, but worth trying. Work is the same stress every day, it is boring for a lot of people, as well as for me. 
To sum up, it is clear that there are logical reasons for hard work, without free time left, but I suppose that having a lot of time for myself and my dreams, instead of work, is better than money. 