Since those times when humankind was able to build their houses and shelters, people was tend to not only make their house as a good defence from weather, wild animals and strange tribes, but also they tried to make each of a fimily's house different from the others. People made a features that could distinguish one house from another. They could add a unique paints, draws, colours of walls or the furniture location. When the civilisation era came, every country or empire of our world had a unique developing of architecture. For example in ancient era was a tendency for making a guge and wonderful buildings with a white colomns, which still are admired by us. The eastern civilisation also had a beautiful architecture with its Mosque, ornaments and the beauty of a colour of blue. We still have a privellige to observe all the wealth of culture developing from our ancient parents. Without that phenominal cultural legacy it is hard to imagine our modern world, our modern buildings and our modern architecture in a whole. 
When a student learns an architechture in a college or university, he will get the knowledge that could allow him to proect buildings and oth pieces of architecture. He is studiying how to make a bulding to be able to stand longer, whether it is an earthquakes or anoter nature cataclisms. But if each of the potentials architects will just follow the common instruction about how to proect a building that will be safe and proper our world would become a completely boring. I personally think that architecture is art, and the world without an art could not exist. Even when our Earth was involved into the wars and was deeply falling in poverty there was still a place for art. Statistic says that when our world was in a specially difficult time the level of culture and art was higher. That demonstrates that to bring art in every piece that a human make is in our blood and instinct. It helps us to survive in a hard times, it makes culture, country, tribe or even just a person to leave the legacy after him. The art makes things eternal. 
From all the above I think that architects should worry about the producinf of a bulding as the work of art. 