Some people think that there is no need in making buildings look beautiful, because they are supposed to just serve theirs purposes. 
Of course, it sounds rationally and logically. In the one hand, as long as architects care about how buildings would look like, they can decide to make them beautiful by the price of functionality. For example, I had been living in a house with beautiful fassade and therefore I had had 3 small balconies. One of them was completely useless, but it was a part of fassade's nice shape. I was never grateful to an architect for this. 
However, in the other hand, what I was grateful for is a fassade itself! Many people - including me - enjoy living in a beautiful house. They like how it looks like while they are walking the street. Imagine a house, that would be beautiful in your opinion, and a house, that would not. Which one would you prefer to live in? In fact, both of them serves their purpose, they are a place people can live in. But there is a difference between these houses, isn't it? 
Let's talk about building, which are not houses to live in permanently, but offices, shopping malls, hospitals, schools etc. Not all of these buildings people can choose, sometimes you just have to go to one particular hospital. Have it to be beautiful or not? My answer is "it have not to be, but it would be much better, if it is". People feels calmer, when they visit a nice light hospital, not a dark ugly building. Also, back to walking a street, beautiful building make the whole street beautiful. Walking beautiful streets instead of dirty streets filled with boring grey building makes people happy. It makes them love and enjoy the city. 
In the conclusion I would like to say, that there is a meaning in building only functional, but not beautiful building. However, fassades of building play a huge role in city appearance. They determine how the city looks like and how people feel here more than trees and flowers. So, in my opinion, architects surely should worry about making their projects looks nice or even like an art. 