Nowadays some people tend to agree that looking beautiful is not the main purpose of a building, because it should be practical, so architects should not take into account producing art.31
On the one hand, this is a practical idea for cities, that renew so fast, that need a lot of space to live and to work for citizens. Naturally, nobody will have so time to worry about how it looks like. We can even refer to some examples in past. For instance, building from the USSR. They are typical, ugly, but practical. So many people could live there. They even still do. Unfortunately, everybody tries to escape it. According to some researches, young people prefer to spend 1 or 2 hours to go work or whatever and live in pereferia, but in new district with kind of pretty houses instead of dirty, dark, old ones even if these ones are closer to the city centre. 
In my opinion, it must be balanced. On the other hand, architects could spend years projecting each building, trying to find and do something new, but it would be unneseccary and probably even too bright. At the same time it does not mean they must not add some visual attractive to what they do. Something simple, but so many people later will pass these buildings through every day, they are going to be surrarounded during walking with children or friends, checking the weather in a window, smoking on a balkony, doing daily shopping. Why do not make it pleasure? 
My posotion is the same for working buildings. Actually, I would be happy if there were a kind of stylish difference between living areas and working spaces. For instance, there is Moscow city in Moscow. If you look around there, you will feel kind of working spirit. Probably you will want to wear up a skirt and a blouse, glasses or will easily imagine yourself sitting in a co-working zone fast typing something imporant in your laptop with a cup of coffee. 
To summurise, I realise, this is a utophia, but one guy said, that you have to dream whatever you can. That why I totally disagree about making just purposal-clear buildings. The way it looks like also shows what it is for. 