Nowadays, the primary target of every government is considered to be its domestic citizens. However, due to the development and spreading the phenomena of globalization,authorities pay their attention on other communities and nations. From my point of view,I support the idea, that countries should take care of all people around the world. 
Communicating and supporting another countries and their nations lead to political and economic positive relationships. By helping another people, authorities show their attitude and respect to other country, by providing them with needed supplies such as food,money,goods and etc. There is a garantee that in future this country,which has hepl from another, will answer back and give you a hand in a difficult situation. Moreover,this will help to build new economic traids,which will improve the financial situation in both countries,such step opens the door for new projects,organizations and companies from foreign countries and this will cause new workplaces and the influx of people, who are ready to work and pay taxes. 
Helping another people shows a positive example for people from one country how to respect and protect another nations with their own values and beliefs. This might prevent misunderstandings between people with different race,colour or even prevent the wars, which are mostly based on religious and political differences of points of views. 
However,the great majority of people think that governments should hepl people only in their own country. Due to the limitted resources of every country, authoritites should spend all goods and money on the development and improvment of life conditions of their domestic citizens and foresee the costs for next generation. 
In conclusion, I want to say that such policy of helping another people from other countries has more benefits and advantages instead of ignoring the problems of other people. New economic and political relationships,preventing conflicts and wars between different people will only improve the situation on the global stage and create the "win-win" situation for all cooperating countries. 