Architecture is the ancient science that is needed to make the buildings where we live, work and rest more beautiful to our eyes. It works with the shapes, colors and materials to turn a utilitary building into a piece of art. 
The importance of architecture is not to argue about. Let us imagine a situation where all the living houses look the same, as well as offices, department stores and all the other building and constructions. Built using the cheapest materials availible, with no decoration and paint of them they would bring many benefits to economy of the city or the country they are located in. It would be easier to plan the city outlay if all the buildings were the same. Could be a good idea? 
But there is one and only yet very important reason why this is not possible. We, humans, are unlike ants or any other social animals. We cannot make all the things the same to make them as productive as possible. Our mood, health and personal productivity is highly dependant on what wee see and this is a scientific fact. There are same patterns in people's psychology that decide what we consider beutiful or ugly. It has been so since ancient times. That is why we try to build our cities the way they are pleasant to look at. 	
The proof to my words could be the apartment blocks of the same type built all over USSR in the sixties. The idea was to engineer a building that is of low cost and fits as many families in it as possible. The rapidly growing population and low budget have made the restricton on the decoration, so these apartment blocks were not looking very good to most people. Even so the whole districts and sities started to appear over the country consisting solely of these new buildings. People were given free living space, which is an unarguable benefit, but once they got a possibility to move to another place they did since no one wants to live in an ugly gray box. Nowadays most of these buildings are the cheapest accomodation availible and are deconstructed in many cities to be replaced with new hugh quality housing. 
This is why architecture is very important to our lives and the look of the buildings exterior and interior are both essential for our well-being. Each city on the planet has its unique design, which makes it beautiful and distinguishes it from others. Especially good looking pieces of architecture are admired all over the world. They attract tourists from other places to simply look at them. Living in a place where everything looks good is a dream for most of the people in the world, I believe. 