Young children are inevitably influenced by people around them, and consequences of these influences can strongly affect the developement of a child. The question of which type of influence, from the inside, meaning family, or from the outside, meaning school and other social relations, is the most powerful has always been under debate. 
Those advocating for the priority of the family influence usually claim that the family, being the closest part of society to a child, interacts with the child more than any social structure imaginable, therefore playing a bigger part in child's deveplopement. Another argument for the family position is that the family is the only institution available to the child in the early forming years of life, when the essential core skills of human interaction are learned and main values established, both determining the future life of a child. 
There are however several arguments in favor of the priority of the outside influences in child's developement. Firstly, training, education and social interactions mostly take place outside of the family. As we deem these three as determining the future of a child it can well be concluded that, since all the important developement takes place outside of the family, outside influences play bigger role in a child's developement. Outside priority advocates also claim that although main formative years of a child are not affected by the outside influence, children eventually end up spending more time outside the family, accumulating more and more outside influence, that eventually translates into a stronger influence on a developement of a child. 
As for me, I am convinced that family and the outside world do both have a priority in different time periods of human developement. In the early age family plays a bigger role, supplying the infant with all the crucial skills and support, strongly affecting their developement in an immediate manner. As the child grows, however, the priority slowly shifts to the outside influences, which become more numerous and more important for the life ahead, especially considering that family, unlike the outside world, is very limited in the resourses available. 
It can therefore be concluded that, although there are arguments for all the positions declared, I am of a view that priority shifts from the family to the outside world with time. 