There is a saying in Russian that can be translated as "children are the mirror of their parents". But people take different sides discussing what influences a child the most. 
Some people believe that the family define a child - whether he or she will be healthy (physically and mentally), what personality will develop, what habits, goals and dreams will this child have in his life. According to their opinion, it strongly depends on education and a set of genes that any person inherit from his parents. Those who support such opinion claim that family is the first source of socialization, it is the first that all we see in our life that form us. Everything that comes later is based on the experience we have thanks to our family. 
On the other hand, there are some people who disagree. Although it is hard to argue with genetics, they are convinced that what insluence us the most is something outside the home walls. Have you ever noticed how different can be brothers or sisters in one family, even twins? They can have the same parents who bring them up absolutely identical way, but still have nothing in common. Is it still because of different sets of genes that brothers take from their parents, or here is something else that matters? Some people think it happens because earlier or later everyone wants to be unique, to separate from parents (or from everybody...), to behave and look differently. Friends and other people of nearly the same age as a child become more influencial than relatives, especially older relatives. Everyone tries to find it's own way. Family members just cannot know everything that happens with their child outside the home, but it often plays a significant role and changes a person's mind for good. 
I personally share both positions to some extant, but if to choose one, I agree with the first group of people. Our family are the closest people to us who teach us how to speak, walk, dream of becoming an astronaut and not to be afraid of monsters under the bed - what on Earth can be more important than this? All in all, even if we eventually grow up not those who our parents wanted us to be, I am sure we would never become who we are now without their effort. 