In the modern world job is one of the most significant parts for the majority of people. Nevertheless, the leisure is still important and the large number of human beings spend a lot of time relaxing. Some people believe that it is more beneficial to work harder and longer hours and leave a tiny time to have a rest. On the other hand, there are many people who consider that leisure is more essential than work and therefore they tend more to have free time than make money. So, there are to distinct standpoints which will be discussed in this essay. 
Undoubtedly, there are a lot of reasons for people who work for a long time and try to earn much money. First of all, a great number of persons believe that money enables them to be successful in this world. In other words, they strongly consider that if they have much money, they will be respected and appreciated in the society. Furthermore, there are a lot of families who have many children and therefore many needs. Such people prone to work more and harder as they focus on the well-being of their relatives. For example, my aunt claims that she should not relax a lot but work more to be able to afford a lot of things for her children . However, she does not pay any attention on her health condition and her own desires. 
Nevertheless, there are many adherents of the idea that having a rest is much more important than working. To begin with, many people regard leisure as the most significant and inevitable part of their life. To be more precise, they think more about their inner condition than material success. For instance, such people try to be content with their life, experience various things in their life. So, self-development for them is more beneficial than being rich. Besides, people who prefer to work less and have more free time manage to find such works which will give them a flexible working hours and will offer great emotions and more free time. These jobs cannnot provide them with a huge amount of money but people will be happy working there since pleisure is more essential for them than money. 
In conclusion, there are two different view points on the issue of the preferences connected to the work. Personally, I do believe that people should have a balanced style of life. In no way can people forget about themselves and be fully focused on their job. However, making money and working in a well-paid job is also quite important for nowadays' life. 