Today there is a great number of discussions about male/female relationships. One of them is should male and female students work together and even more - in equal numbers. Some people lelieve that it's inappropriate, to make universities accept equal numbers of male/female students, others agree that it will improve current situation in education. 
There exist strong arguments of both sides of this disscussion, which implies that it is worth examining all points of view before reaching any conclusion. 
First of all, there is a necesity to say that one of the advantages of these type of accepting students is the equallity between men and women. Equall numbers mean equall opportunities for people, without discrimination sexes. Moreover, there is a plenty of scientist's researchs convincing that working between male and female groups of people in equall proportions gives a much more favor. Also, this type of proportion helps members of each group interact with others easily, that when there is a disproportion. 
Another point of view is that such type of accepting students is useless and pointless. Supporters claim that such thing can destroy the real competition between students, which is based on knowledge, not on female / male you are or not. 
Another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom - government will give concrete numbers of students, who schould study in universities. And one of the most convincing arguments againts equall proportions between male/female students is that there is no any correlation or connection between knowledge and which sex do you have. And I am firmly believe in that. Since the Medievel times, people fight against discrimination, for modern society with equall rights for everybody. And for the first time, this meosure for accepting equall numbers of students seems like justice, lut it is not real suitable criteria for competition between students. There is no shame if men are good at law and women in teaching as there is no any discrimination between them in case of disproportion. 
Considering all arguments, it can be concluded that the idea of universities accepting equal number of male / female students is not good of all.