Nowadays the question of equality is the most significant part of society. And the problem raises, when it concerns young people who are truly believe in their own independence. That's why I suppose that universities have to try to accept equal numbers of representatives of both sex, for every subject. 
First of all, the society should prove its claims about freedoms and democracy. If students see that their legally binding rights are not protected, this could being strikes and, consequently, decreasing of government's authority. Business books emphosise, that society and all its members must feel confident in every step taking by politics and what is more, to have an essense of non-restricted protection. For example, my friend from Ukraine have told me, that the reason why his family encourages the actions of current revolution is complet misunderstand and frustration connecting with governmental apporat. 
Moreover, the popular thought about diversification of subject regarding to their so-called use only for one sex should be rejected. Every child or every student has his or her own views on the world, and they all have their own preferences. That's why to limit the number of subjects which, for example, a girl could take seems abormal. The magasine named "Slon" writes, that the men differs from the woman only physically and now it's very easy to mess both groups. For example, I've read about person, who has more male interests that female's ones and behave herself according to rules, which society always consideres as male one. 
And least, but no less, is phyhological problem: students should study and live in society where all roles are taken. It's not surprising, that girls and boys have different attitude in 90% times (as British newspaper "Guardian" claims) and that's why they have to korn something from each other. For example, I know a girl, who studied only with other girls. She always says now, that such life is horrible. 
All in all, it should be noted, that equal rights in society should be considered as healthy way to live. No one mustn't suffer because of their sex identity.