Research shows us that our life experiences do not have so much influence on construction of our personality as characteristics wich we have already had affer moment of our birth from our parents. 
First I want to say about influence of characteristics wich were given from our parents. They have influence on us, but only when we have a period of socialization. As example, it can be shown period of my life when I was a kinder. I was not controlling myself every minute as I am doing today, and some specific features of my parents helped me to communicate with other boys and girls. My mother is very active person and this feature helps me during my life. Also it can be shown an example from my life when I started painting classes. My father is found of painting, and this feature also helps me, because I paint pictures, portrets for my friends and collegues for money, So it is my work. 
Moreover I want to notice that not only features that we have from our parents had influence on our personality. Because during the period of socialization this features can be transformed by ourselves if we want. Different events in our life change our personality at all. It is a very good example from my mothers life: when she was a child she was very fat and she did not have abilities to be a communicative and active person. But she has grown up and became very active and attractive person. So some events in her life make an influence on her and she make a step of change for her life. Also there is a good example from movie "Forest Gamp". He had problems with legs and also with girls, but one day, when he met a girl she had changed his life, and also he had reconstructed himself as a person. 
To sum up I want to say, that it is very hard to notice where influence on our personality of features with wich we are born ends or what influense is greater on our personality. But furthermore, my opinion is that some problems in our life, different events influence more, because they make us choose features and characteristics wich we want and "delete" features from parents wich we do not want to exist in our personality.