The question of gender uneqality is widely discussed in modern society and fairly attracts a lot of attention. Obviously in the field of tolerance to gender differences are still an enourmous amount of things to do. Women in the whole world are still struggling with gender discriminance. They are paid less than males, they often cannot get a good job according to their gender and these are only a small list of difficulties, that every single woman has to face with in the modern world. Of course this unequality leads to different proportion between males and females in the universities. So there is an opinion that the cure from this problem is to forbid acception of different number males and females. Still it may not be the best solution. 
Different faculties attracts males and females, for example men tend to choose some technical disciplines to study and women are more likely to choose something connected with cultural, society or humanity studies. But this tendency is not a rule. Sometimes people make another decissions but it is undoubtful that percentage of males and females in different faculties varies and the main cause is the will of students, not the stereotypes. 
The second reason for different number of females and males is the physiological conditions. Males are bigger and stronger than females and it is ridiculous to deny it. So some proffessions connected with rising big weights are unappropriate for women so that it is understandable that some practical faculties are refusing to teach women. But in any theoretic discipline such situation would be discriminative. 
According to all these aspects it should be noticed that despite the uneasy conditions, in which women are living today, sometimes the refuse to allow to work and study some activities for women is reasonable. It avoids unwanted harm for health and injuries. And still women and men tends to choose different fields of studies, so accepting the equal number of men and women in the universities is unnessecary.