Nowadays, modern conditions of working, studying male people have not active way of life. In addition cities are totally poluted by transportation emission, lack of nature objects etc. besides we have unhealthy food, lack of sleep and so on. It's possible to say that public health is suffering. Some people say, that solution to the problem is increasing the number of sport facilities. However, others suppose it has little effect, and other measures are required. 
On the one hand, sport facilities really provide health improving of people. Setting a football stadium, as an example, likely attracts children to play football. And it is the same for any sport game. People think that provididing such facilities attract people into sport. Moreover free gyms have the same effect. It's possible to establish then in schools, universities, companies, he case most people don't want spend money for professional jyms and other sport clubs, but this way let them do it easily wife friens. 
On the other hand, their opponents suppote, that such measures increase only physical activity, but not health in the whole, they believe that there are great amount of other reasons, with which we should do something, lack of fresh air in cities, clean water, lack of healthy sleep, harmful food, stress coused by job of trafic jams and other, all these factors influence people's health. Moreover opponents say, that sport facilities as just objects cannot help people, because they don't know rules of game, special skills etc. Setting facilities requires appointing special people, who can explain and train people, but due to free feature. Such people have to be paid by government, that will be too expensive. 
As for me, I agree that facilities for sport games are necessary. I play football, voleyball well due to the fact that not far from my home there are such facilities. I have been playing these since my childhood. So, I can guarantee the effectiveness of this way. Nevertheless, I understand that our health suffers from more than 10 factors, and only one of them is low activity. 
To sum up, it's possible to say, that increasing the number of sport facilities really can improve people's health, however this measure is not enough. If we want improving, we should solve all problems as a system.