Traditionally, artists and other professions that are related to the arts often connected with freedom of the words, thoughts and, of cause, withe the independance from politicians. However, it is usually clear from the history that many bounders were built by the governments ot the church for them, because there always was an important questiont : Might the artist be or act as a precursor for the differend problems in countries, such us crimes or violence? 
Modern artists are usually very agressive with their perfomances or works. For example, the can hurt themselves in front of group of people, just like it was in Moskow on the Red Square, when the famoust artist rounded himself with a sharp metal needles. In that case, the performance was awfull and disgusting especially when the children could see it. I suppose that the government should accept some lows that can put the frames for this tipes of expressing artist's thoughts, becouse it is can lead to unexpected surprises in childrens behaviour. 
By contrast, sometimes the writers and designers could create amazing and wonderful projects if they were not be restricted by politicians. For instance, in my home town, some unknowns artists painted walls of the nursury with some bright colors and different animals. When children, who went to this building, were really happy an it was like a some kind of dream for them. Thus, the volunteer work of artists created the good thing for others, althoug the head of the town did not want to spend money on this and even said that is not necessary. 
In this way, analising both prons and cons. I should say that sometimes contemporary art is not understanded and it undergoes some wrong treatments, but it could bring more benefit and advantages to the world than drawbacks. Thus, I believe that governments do not need to watch for every move of artists, but should prepare some relevant and appropriate rules and lows that just could help to not create some crayy and violent performances. And I am sure that in years this problem with balance between total control of arts and complete artist's independance will be solved.