Nowadays some people are sure that men and women must be accepted by universities in equal proportions. On the other hand, some people claim that universities should not take such measures. I totally agree with latter for the following reasons. 
To begin with, it is wide known fact that males can succed in certain spheres of knoweledge whereas women - in other. What is meant is that there is a kind of a tendency that men prefer mathematical studies such as engineering, computer science, some IT-branches, while women would rather choose, for instance, social science like sociology or politology; foreign languages and literature. So, it would be wrong to force a man to study sociology if he feels that he might be more satisfied and successful studying math. Some might argue that both males and females become doctors, but I am convinced that, for example, the greatest surgeons are men. 
Another point for not establishing such laws is related to future professions of students and their position in social structure of our society. In some kinds of jobs employers are willing to employ only male, for instance, in IT-companies because, as far as it is believed, men are able to manage with analyzing big amount of information, they are more punctual and they could seldom be stressed. Turning to some female professions. It is worth noticing that women are more required in such sorts of jobs like nurcing care, teachers, sometimes writers. According to some stereotypes, women are more emotional, they find it easy to learn and teach. In order to avoid depression and, unemployment, males and females must have choice what job they want to do and then enter the university where no restrictions must be established. 
In conclusion, although there are some difficult situation when a person must study the subject they do not want to, I am sure that universities should not limit the number of different gender students because it could lead to huge problems and not balanced labour-market.