Recently, there has been a considerable discussion whether universities should provide male and female with equal number of places in every subject. Some people think that equal numbers of men and women will make their chances and right more equal. Others suppose that it will destroy the education system. In my opinion, the number of male and female in universities should nit be equal. I will try to show you three main drawbacks of this idea. 
First of all, the idea of 50/50 places for men and women will kill the motivation mechanism. It means that some students will not study hard to reach their goals if they know that they will have the place in any case. For example, you can see woman in a faculty of engeneering rarely, but in this case women will have 50% places their and they will not study to improve their knowledge, because their places will wait for them. 
Furthermore, I think the equal number of students in every subject will make disbalance in rights there. It means that if 100% of boys have the highest score at the exam, only 50% of them will get the place and it is not right decision, I believe. In this case, in imagine situation where all girls have 1 point of 100 at the exam and oll boys have 100 points, lots of girls will take places at the university and I think it is bizzare. 
What is more, this idea will produce more controversary between women and men than we have nowadays in a everyday life. It will lead to the situation of growing competition between male and female and rivaly trend between genders in schools, universities, companies etc. It can produce lots of problems in famly sector of politics. 
On the balance, therefore, there seems to be agreement that equal amount of male and female students in universities in every subject will have bad influence on the education system. Although, it cannot be denied that it will help to reach the degree, which is occupied by the same gender. I believe there is a little doubt about the idea of equal numbers of male and female students in every subject.