Nowadays the problem of equality between men and women is quite important. Some people suggest that even in the universities the equality of male and female students does not exist and that the number of boy-students and girl-students should be equal in every subject. I am partly agree with this statement. 
During the long period of time girls could not learn at schools or enter in the university, only boys could do that almost until the XIX century. In the modern world the situation was changed and both girls and boys study at school and in the university, but the number of female and male students is often unequal: for example, in the Philology department there are significantly more girls, but, in contrast, in the department of Economics the number of male students is higher. Psychologically speaking, the equal number of both types of students influences the atmosphere in a group and the relationship between students. It is known that in female collectives there are a huge number of conflicts and intrigues. If the groups was quite equal, would the students be more friendly to each other. 
On the other hand, as it was be said, the number of students in each group depends on the subject and on the interests of it. Male students prefer often learn economics or mathematics and rarely choose philology as profession. In contrast, numerous girls learns foreign languages and avoid working with statistics etc. Thus universities not always can accept the equal number of make and female students, because they are not entering each faculty equally. Moreover, some people argue that the universities should accept students for their knowledges and not for the gender reasons. 
To conclude, it can be seen that the question of equality between male and female students is complicated and can be discussed during the long time. Personally, I am partly agree with the statement given, but not fully. Nowadays, every university has its own rules and laws, that control the process of accepting students, somewhere according to the topic of equality between male and women.