What is the definition of the word 'happiness'? However, it is not possible to define it in one strict way? Practically, most people believe that no. But, at the same time, they are convinced that happiness is extremely important and actual in our life. By the way, do we have any factors, according to which, we can judge wheter the person is happy or not? In my opinion, I strongly reckon, that happiness in our life is above all, moreover, the definition of it is different for each person beacuse of own priorities and factors. For several reasons which I will mention below I explain why do I think so. 
First of all, all people are individual. It is rude and incorrect to give an exact meaning of happiness for all humankind. Moreover, we have to remember that our world is controversial. For example, there is a popular opinion that people can rule the world. To my mind, I totally disagree: world is able to rule us. It dictates us social roles, it can help us to an outstanding carreer and at the same time, it can punish is just for a little mistake and put down us right to the bottom of the society. As a result of this, most people understand the word 'happiness' in a different way. For someone just to wake up will be the greatest achievement. For another person to be happy is all about money, I mean just to be a millionaire or something like that. 
In addition, I would like to prove my point of view with the fact from my everyday life as well. For instance, about 1 year ago I lost my grandmother as a result of her death. She was only 64 years old. Too young, to ambitious, too kind, generous person. An outstanding mother, sister and grand mother. The desease which gives no chance to stay alive. She had been trying to overcome it, try to be needed for people who are around her. Despite the desease she was absolutely happy. To be happy for her meant to be with her relatives, to help them, just to be with them as many hours as she can. Death. Happiness does not matter for it. Fair or not? For me, my grandmother was the true example of a real happiness. To sum all up, I would like to state that happiness is controversial and quite different for everyone. It is impossible to give a definition for it. But it is possible to provide this feeling if not for ourselves but for people who are around us. This is the main point. Our life is too short not to be happy.