It is impossible to find a single person who does not want to be happy in his or her life. However, happiness is not an universal term because there are different things make people happy. 
For some people happiness is something related to materialistic factors like amount of money, success in career, fame. They spent a whole life trying to persuade others and themselves that they are successful and wealthy. I cannot judge them because I do not have a such right to do, nevertheless, I refuse to think that money and some status can make a person happy. 
To my mind, happiness is a complex thing consisted of numerous factors that can be differentiated by their materialistic or, in the contrary, spiritual base. However, it cannot be only materialistic factors, as I have metioned it above, or spiritual ones, they should be matched at the "equillibrium" point that is, one more time, different for all people. 
For example, in Russian culture there is a provers sounds like "Even a tent is the heaven if you are with your beloved one". It means that you can reach happiness only with spiritual factors as love and mutual belonginess but; in fact, we know it is not enough or at least, it is not in long-term relationships. Anyway you will need some material base to feel comfortable, because it is a human nature. According to some psychological and sociological theories, like Massons pyramide in instance, a person should, firstly, fullfill his or her vital, primal needs in heat, safety and comfort and only after it come about higher ones. Evem of person considers himself as an idealist, he cannot neglect natural, materialistics factors. The same does to a person who refuces some spiritual, social values, he can be happy without them only till a certain moment, till he feels he has missed something. 
In conclusion, I would like to stress that even thoght understanding of happiness is different from person to person, it is something we all trully want to achieve. The best way for it is to find an equillibrium between our social, phylosophical (spiritual) and economic need without neglecting any of them.