Many people want to be happy, but happiness means different for different people. To my mind, the definition of happiness depends on people, because different factors determine every personality. However, it is very important for each person to feel happy. How we can define, what is happiness and what do we need to do to achieve it? 
I agree with statement that although the happiness is very important in life, it is very difficult to define what is it. To begin with, our personalities are determined by some factors like the level of life, habitats, education, family, culture. These factors form our needs and wants. For each person happiness means different because the features of culture, different worldview, goals. For example, people can feel happy if they have enough food every day, but for people from modern cities with the high pece of life it is not enough. On the contrary, they have some goals, which are connected with career and money. In this case happiness can mean success in different spheres of life. 
It is generally accepted that a lot of philosophers tries to define what happiness is. However, they have not an answer for this question. It is very clear from these observations that it was always difficult to determine what makes people happy. Moreover, there are a lot of books about love and success and strong people, who can cope with difficulties. But, essentially, it is argued that this issue is discussion for humankind. 
We dream about being happy. Nevertheless, people often do was know how to achieve happiness. I think that it is impossible to say whose factors are important in achieving happiness because each person wants feel happy in his personal way. According to some experts, the exteut of happiness in different countries depends on the level of life and opportunities to realize themselves. As for me, the main factor for achieving happiness is having family and friends, who love and support you. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that happiness is very difficult to define because people have different willings and needs, which depends on different factors. What is more there are no particular factors to achieving happiness. If you want to be happy, just be happy without some thoughts about money or your willings.