Nowadays a lot of people care about their health. What is the best way to improve public health? Some people think that sport can help, but others believe that doing sports is not enough and there should be applied other measures. 
On the one hand, more than a half of population prefer not to do sports. Their lifestyle is really calm and without without any extractions, so because of the lack of movements and sports activities public health is getting worse. In this case the measure of increasing the number of sports facilities would help to boost people's immune system. Moreover, doing exercises is a really good way to make us stronger and healthier. It helps also to be fit. But sport provide not only phsysical health but the mental one. For example, doing ioga is a good solution for those people, who want to find a balance in their life. 
But there is another point of view. A lot of people suggest that increasing the number of sports facilities would not have an effect on public health. They believe that other measures should be required. To their's opinion, a person should not only do sports but also eat healthy food and spend as much time on the fresh air as it possible. 
To be honest, I think that an increas in the number of sports facilities could be a great measure for improving public health. I suppose, that not everybody has an opportunity to go to a gym or take, for example, dancing classes. By doing sports facilities more common and maybe cheaper it would be quite easier to make people healthier. As for me, I am trying to be as much active as I can and I go to a fitness club three times a week. I believe that sport helps me to stay healthy. So, sport really affects our lifes. 
Having considered all these statements, I can come to a conclusion that of course, making public health better is not easy, but it is really important to understand that without sports activities a person cannot be really healthy. So, increasing the number of sports facilities is a good step to improving the health of population. But the best results can be achieved if people will not only doing sports but also applying complex measures, such as eating healthy and avoiding stress factors.