It is usually said that the key measure which can help to get the healthier population is to develop the sport's infrastructure. But on the other hand is is told to face with luck of effectiveness. 
First of all, sports and fitness is a positive issue for personal health and as a result a public health. I guess, that noone must argue with that, but on the same time is the sport of the first importance in this direction? And even if it is, will the public health increas enough fast with the growth of the number of sport facilities? From the positive point of view it surely should because people will have much more opportunities for sport activities, more freedom in choosing the places to do sports. What is more, it is a positive tendence to achieve the goal of growing up healthier children, because they will be more involved in different fitness activities. In addition, many areas of even biggest countries have bumped into luck of facilities for sport nowadays, so it goes without saying that the pure countries have even more drastical problems in this field. But what the pessimists are afraid of is also a possible scenario. They say, that the number of sport facilities can't itself motivate people going in for sports. That is considered to be true to life due to the fact that lots of people todays are ignoring sport activities and the number of fasilities is not a reason why they do so. 
However, understanding the role played by the sports in developing the public health, people usually give the first priority to the other ways of helping population to become healthier. Firstly, the medicine itself as well as it's development, curing uncurable by now ilnesses, profilactic and the attendence of complex health researches is not less important. It also turns that the popular modern problems of ecology, luck of the fresh air in the big cities and unpoluted water are considered to be even more complicated and decline the public health even faster. 
To conclude I want to mention the sport and the number of it's facilities like an important factor to improve the public health and personal one. But the problems connected with that are one of many in a row and not of first-priority, but, on the same time inevitable to avoid.