There are two points of view connected with the improvement of people's health. Some people declair that it's effective to provide different kinds of sport activities, but others don't take this fact it into consideration and suggest other methods. 
Firstly, the biggest advantage of increasing the number of sport facilitiess is strong motivation. When the government supports different hobbies connected with the sport, people start to do it from the childhood. Figure skating, swimming and hockey - all these facilities are allowed in early childhood and help to develope relationships between person and healthy way of life. Moreover, sports activities is a great tool for imroving of public health because it creates a spirit of competition. People can compare their results and be united into different sport clubs. We all know the problem of teenagers when they spend their time in disco-clubs, drinking alcohole and smoking. Sport facilities could be the place where young generation could teached to live without jank-food, sigarettes and beer. 
On the other hand, some people suppose that all this improvements are too little steps in public health development and it's uneffective just to build stations in every town. To support this idea we can say that not everybody can allow hobby like tennis or hockey because of it's rather expensive cost. The accomodation, equipment and other things costs a lot of money and not every family can buy it. What is more, despite the fact of national unity, there is a problem in different communities when people are devided into groups because of different points of view on sport measurements. 
In my opinion, sport is a good improvement from government to change the situation in health of society. Investments into the future of humanity's health. 
To sum up, there is a fine tendences of fitness popularity and body care industry, so I suppose that in the future people, who don't agree with growing number of sports facilities, will see the real influence on public health.