In today's world, people's concerns about public health are diversed. Lots of people state that better conditions for sports activities should be provided. However, others consider that other attempts to increase public health are needed. 
On the one hand, it is widely known that the increase of sports facilities in Sochy raised initiative of going in for sports among students. The reason is that lots of young people need facilities to go in for sports while universities have no idea where to find resources for things like that. Apart from that, when people see everyday activities of their friends and relatives, as well as their neighbours bicycling or jogging, they appreciate healthy lifestyle and become more interested in sports. To make people more healthy we need to make facilities for sports activities more available. People attend differents cources because equipment is provided, but if people have enough money to take such cources they are lucky enough or work hard. Speaking about public health, we should provide cheaper or free sports facilieties for everybody. 
On the other hand, to make every single person more healthy and increase public health in general, we need a complex approach. There is a list of measures to be held systematically. Firstly, our government and non-commercial organizations should provide cheaper medcine. Lots of people need medcine that they couldn't afford. Secondly, the usage of medcine should be restricted. Often people use unappropriate medcine to cure illnesses by themselves. Thirdly, people need motivation to go in for sports to stay heathy. Government can provide enough facilities for people who attend sport courses or have everyday sports activities. It is obvious that a lot of people just are not interested in sports. Maybe non-commercial marketing or advertising should help. 
To sum up, there are several ways to make things better and all of them are efficient. As far as I concern, we need to provide facities for people who go in for sports as well as for those who need medcine, and if we provide motivation, public health will increase.