Now days it is well-spread to give more and more attention to a gender problem. Indeed, it is very popular now: there are a lot different organizations, social movements ect. Some people tend to think that universities can destroy problem of gender by accepting the same number of male and female. I absolutely disagree with this statement. The first point why I think so is an interest. It is a well-known fact that some girls can't be good in Physics, and they are not interested in it. Also like some boys don't like cooking. Now you will never find more than 2 or 3 female students in engeneering groups. Universities can do nothing to solve gender problem. The second point is this measure can have influence on our choice. For example, student want to be a doctor but there are enough male that's why he goes to teacher's faculty. It is limitation for our choice, I am convinced that it is not great. 
The third point is there is different proportion of population in the world. In different countries, in different cities there are not the same number of female and male. For example, in India proportion of male is higher than proportion of female. The same situation in universities and the measure which is suggested in the statement will never be a reality in different region. 
I am unconvinced that equal number of boys and girls can led to good gender environment. I don't tend to think that there is advantage in a result, the world will have equal number of doctors, economists, lawyers, but do we need all of them in the same number? We can see it on example of different region. I am not sure that some poor african countries need the same number of teachers and managers. Obviously, they need teachers, doctors. 
In conclusion I would like to emphasize that universities will not solve gender problem by accepting the same number male or female because it should be a student's choice and problem of government. Also universities will not solve problem of lack specialists in different areas because of problematic reality.