Some people think that in universities should learn equal percentage of boys and girls I every faculties. I absolutely agree with this statement. Nowadays many people fight for equal rights for men end women. And equal numbers of male and female in universities can be a good opportunity to get education for many people from different countries. 
Firstly, I support the idea that all people have equal human rights. Consequantly, all young people should have opportunity to study in university. For example, there is emansipation in modern world. People, who enter in this organisation or just support their idea, think that females have the same rights as males. For many years member of emansipation have been fighting for equal rights for male and female all over the world. 
Secondly, in some countries the predictable that women should stay at home and don't need in education, exist. For instance, in African countries or in Asian countries or in India such predictable take place. And I believe that universities don't accept such policy when women are under pressure of their husbands or their countries' traditions. Women from Africa, Asia and India should have chance to get an education . So universities need to have equal vacant place for male and female. 
Thirdly, as for me, the equal percentage of students - male and female - are very helpful for science and education. Because men and women have different views to the same things . So the education is more effective when equal numbers of men and women encourage and unite for different projects or team work . 
Thus, I absolutely agree with idea that in universities should teach the equal numbers of men and women in each faculty. Because of all men and women have equal rights and equal chance to get education. And, of course, universities in Africa, Asia shouldn't follow the policy when women haven't the same right like men and haven't chance to enter university. Sometimes it can be helpful for education and science both of male's and female's views.