In some countries youngsters are given an opportunity to work or travel for a year before going to university. It is made to let the people just finished high school understand properly and decide what they prefer and which skills and knowledge they will need in their future profession. 
On the one hand, this programme should be recommended for all countries, because it has a vast number of advantages. When finishing school people are not mature enough to make such an important choice. At school they are given all the knowledge and skills that they may need in the future. Because of this fact they can be just lost in their wishes and career opportunities. It is really hard for them to specify what they need, to choose a university and specialisation which will direct their route in life. That is why the programme being discussed is utterly a great opportunity for the youth not to make a mistake while choosing a profession. Working for a year they can easily feel all the tension of the work, understand which skills and what knowledge are required for it. A lot of my coursemates now complain that they have made a huge mistake going here. One my school classmate has even chosen the faculty on his second year at university. If they could participate in this programme, they would probably have not made the mistake. 
On the other hand, this programme actually has a few major drawbacks. Firstly, people participating in it can just lose some important learning skills which will, in case they are hardly renewable, will mean these people are now unable to get the further education. And just after school they are used to studying and can easily go on to get a higher education. Secondly, the youngsters can fall in love and build a family which will also mean they are not able to carry on studying, because the family will definitely be of bigger importance than education for them. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that such an opportunity should be given to people of every country and it is up to them to decide whether to postpone a higher education or to begin it immediately after finishing school. As for me, I would definitely go for this programme, if I could, because I am still not sure what profession I am in favour of and what am I made for.