While some people think that the universities have to provide equal numbers of pluses for male and female students in different subjects, I tend to think that this is not so necessary for modern education. So, I absolutely disagree with this statement. 
First of all, it is economically ineffective or even harmful for both universities and government. By this I mean, that the extra-places (for example, for female) need extrafunding and need a long period of time to be included into the educational system of the university. As an example we can take Sweden or other Northern social - democracies that pay too much money for the equity of every person in the university and sometimes it hurts the full educational process and the problem of funding of some educational spheres in this countries is really striking. 
Secondly, there is no eviolence that these measures can' solve the problem of the lack of education and work efficiency are not so many good female specialists in some spheres, for example in physics, and people that stand for the equal number of places for men and women in the universities believe that this is the only reason of such dissonance. However, we tend to think that they are partically right, there are many examples, in the USA, where the society is tolerant and wants both men and women to have equal opportunities to occupy the working place and to get all benefits from if, many, women choose the path of mechanicse or work in fire department. The fact is, that according to the special researchers, women, who work on the "traditionally men's job" are two times as little motivated as men on the same position and their efficiency is obviously lower. 
Finally, I believe that the policy of equal member of places of the university can make obsolete all the tryings of the society to make the education free, open and equal. In other words, when the universities are made to create a limitation for this or that sex, because they have the lack of male or female students, that leads the modern world to the times of elitist schools and the colonial school system. These examples are not strange: the situation of the creation of limitations in the XVIII - XIX centuries because of the existing of the schools for "reach boys only" lead to the social revolution at the beginning of the XX century that gave a life to the modern equal school and university for both men and women. So, should the government and the university create new barriers for really talented students only because of the policy of gender tolerance? 
Taking everything into consideration, it is worth saying that the plan to make equal the number of male and female students in all subjects is neither effective nor cheap. The government will be forced to pay for students who have nor motivation neigher ability (including physical) to do their best on the future working place. Moreover, these measures are not legitimate and lawful, as they violate the basic right of the person to realize his/her knowledge or talent on the place that he/her have already chosen for future education or work.