Nowadays it becomes quite a hot potato topic about discrimination gender equality and so on. Of course, such discussed issues we shall solve but it shouldn't touch some aspects of our lives. It becomes popular to ask question about gender equality in the educational process at schools or universities. In other words the number of girls and boys in the class should be equal. 
Unfortunately, I can't agree with this statement, because, first, in my opinion universities should accept students on the basis of their knowledge. I do not think that it's so important for professor how many boys and how many girls are there in the class. His aim is to give answers to our questions, give us useful skills and enlarge our outlook. Secondly, I, for example, studies in the class where girls were much more that boys. And it didn't influence me to make up my mind to change class or something else. If you are really interested in what you are learning, you stop paying attention to such small problems. And, finally, education shouldn't be the instrument of our government, I mean our authorities shouldn't solve gender problem through the equal number of male and female students in the class. 
By the way, some Scandinavian countries have such an experience, because their authorities take care about gender aspects and their policies are aimed at the warning of discrimination of any kind. In my opinion, Russians and Scandinavians are as different as chalk and cheese so that it's impossible to accept their experience in our country. Our mentalities, our patterns of thinking and our values are absolutely different, just because of it some western values can't take roots in the minds of the majority of Russians. Of course our gender policy in Russia leaves much to be desired so that such measures as accepting equal numbers of male and female students in every subject will not survive the situation. 
To sum it up, I'd love to add that tastes differ and students choose subjects on the base of their interests but not because they should be included of the list of members. Funny though it seems, but there are too few girls who are interested in technical specialization. I do support the idea that we should fight with discrimination but our problems so deep, that such measures as we are suggested, aren't suitable for our situation. So, our government should start worry about the gender situation in the country and take some right steps to make the situation better.