It is a commonly known fact that children and teenagers' discipline is one of the biggest problems that many schools in different countries have to face. Sometimes poor behaviour even becomes the main cause of the catalysaton for being expelled. There are several obvious reasons to explain this situation, such as low discipline, problems in children's families and no proper inspiration for school boys and girls. 
Low discipline in schools tends to result in poor behaviour. The pupils who are not controlled properly might imagine that they are allowed to do unappropriate things(such as bullying other classmates) and never set punished for this. That is why it is my strong opinion that behaviour problems should be solved first of all by repairing discipline. 
Another reason for the problem is misunderstanding in many families which can lead to disasterous consequences. Families in which parents are busy with themselves or spend all their time trying to make both ends make are very unlikely to take time to play and talk with their children. Such family dramas may take a strong psycological effect on children who start to smoke, drink and break discipline at school. To my mind, at every single school there should be a trained children psychologist who really do something and not just pretend to work as it often happens. 
Lack of inspiration and, consequently, lack of motivation to study is also a huge factor which does distract children from studying properly and takes to the bad side of discipline-breakers at school. It is my belief that the problem can be solved by revision of school cirriculum and methods of teaching. Special attention should be paid to pupils off 5-6 grades, because it is exactly the time when a lot of children lose interest in education as it begins to get more difficult and complicated. 
Overall, we traced some factors which result in pupils' haphazard behaviour in schools. It is clearly that there must be paid much more attention than it does now in future because no question concerning children as our common future, should be ignored.