Nowadays there is a great amount of discussions about the role of censorship in arts. Some people argue that it is an essential part of any creative process, others believe that such a measure is a limitation of individual freedom, escpeccially the freedom of expression and speech. As for my opinion, I support the first point of view. First of all, I would like to mention that, to my mind, censorship should not be associated with totalitarism despite the fact that it is a kind of government restrictions. It is a range of rules, norms which help to structure people's behaviour. So, that's why, it is hardly possible to achieve an appropriate level of society's behaviour at whole without any constraints. For instance, some rough materials and information represented by artists, who can not create except by only such uncommon way, may be harmful for children's minds, since not all of the parents can filter the flow of information which get their babies. What is more, this way of expression can also influence badly on adults. Secondly, censorship helps greatly to mitigate different religious conflicts, taking place in situations where there are no limitations on the ideas of creative artists. Often in case of censorship's lack there is a high probability that some terroristic groups will act widely and, therefore, a threat to the whole society can be posen. Government restrictions sometimes prevent it and protect the population. Nevertheless, someone can think that in developed countries it is necessary to provide people with all range of freedoms and censorship is a great limitation of them. As for my opinion, such measures as government restrictions are, first of all, similarity with laws, but none of us considers them as things which constrait our freedom and activity. In conclusion, I would like to mantain that there are more advantages than drawbacks of government restrictions, because the harm of creativity without any censorship is greater than the protection of people's minds.
