In the modern world, where the spiritual sphere is supposed to be tightly connected with politics, it is sometimes claimed that the government still should not control strictly the means of self-expression used by artists. However, it is also indicated that without the censorship and reasonable restrictions it would be impossible to keep peace and stability in the country. In this essay both these views will be presented. As far as I am concerned, there should not be any restrictions for creative people. Firstly, if there is a strict censorship in a state, there is a serious risk, connected with the possible stagnation of a cultural sphere. The limitations of freedom of expression usually lead to a situation when new tendencies in visual or plastic arts are frozen and even forgotten, what, in its own turn, impedes the development of the national culture and makes the integration into international culture impossible. For example, the Iron Curtain in the Soviet Union created a significant gap between Western and Russian literature, art and music. What is more, such restrictions might result in dramatic changes in the image of a state. As it is commonly known, there are various indres that show the level of freedom in different countries and which contain a component called "freedom of expression". This component does not only include the freedom of the press, but it also captures some aspects of the possibility to create works of art using new and unusual ideas. Thus, if there are many rules which should be considered while creating a piece of art, in a country, this state can be regarded as lacking freedom, what might result in the loss of authority on the international arena. On the other hand, it might be stated that if there is no sensible censorship in a state, there will be various problems with stability and development because creative artists will be allowed to provide ideas, harmful to the policy of government. It is also highlighted that those people can change other citizens' perception of reality what might result in civil disobedience and problems in various government sectors. I do not suppose that this argument is very convincing since if artists provide fresh and state-of-art ideas, they, vice versa, stimulate the development of the country, making its citizens more concious about the reality and possible alternatives which might be used to make the life in a state more bearable and happy. To conclude, I strongly believe that the freedom of expression contributes to the development in all spheres since creative artists, speaking out their own opinions, inspire other people to look around and bring some innovations into current life.
