Nowadays there's an argument between those who believe that artist sgould feel free to create whatever they want and those who are strictly against such freedom of expression because it must be regulated by government. As for me, I believe that creators should not be oppressed by government intrusions in art and I can give some reasons for it. First of all, government shouldn't limit creative artists because it would stop the development of new forms of art. If government wants some particular art streams to flourish it means that it wants other to degradate or not appear at all because it could change something in cultural policy. This fact is telling us that the whole mankind can miss something that could be a lavish contribution to the legacy of the world art. Moreover, restricting the freedom of expression is inappropriate because it means that the government limits the civil rights of artists. Any constitution has a paragraph saying that everybody has a right to express his or her views in whichever way they like. So I believe the government's mission should be providing such a form of freedom instead of blocking it. But some people believe that restrictions in art sphere can move the whole government even stronger because art will be at  its service. I suppose this argument is not valid because government has a lot of different ways to strenghten its positions such as reforms in economics or military service. And art should express the ideas of a particular artist and it is he or she who chooses the way of doing that. To sum it up, there's still a heated debate on this issue. But I believe that someday we will see that nothing really should limit the zealous will of artists to create their masterpiece. I believe that art is a specific, artifitial form of life that has to flourish and strive for development. In the Holy Bible there is a saying - "you should not make destruction, but life instead" - and I think that any government could accept it and stick to this wise rule making its policy on art freedom.
