It is necessary for talented people to express their thoughts in free way, without worrying about sanctions from the government. However, throughout history, those, who, dared to speak, what they really think, usually suffered a lot. In the modern world, it is essential to find some sort of balance, which will allow creative individuals develop their ideas, which do not contradict with the state. Firstly, it should be stated, that any artist has to create, without fearing the state. Indeed, if modern governments did not interfere so greatly in the deeds of their citizens, the society would achieve more goals as in music and films, so as in other social spheres. A constant need to controll everything may end up in the tyrany, for example, there are many countries, where the restrictions, imposed by the government, had lead to the killings and blood. Government should impose some restrictions, it is obligatory for a successful management, but these restrictions, must be aimed on positive side. Secondly, it has become quite clear, that creative artists, who lack freedom in expressing their ideas, should get this right from the government as soon as possible. People, whose profession is to write books, to draw paintings, to make films and others always aim to achieve their maximum in the art. For it to come true, they should think more widely, than people of different professions are used to do. That is why, it is important for the state to provide these talented people with necessary equipment and support. What is worth doing, is worth doing well, it is unwise to forbid and to restrict, this is a way to decay. Last, but not least, by getting the permission to speak whatever they want, and by working in the conditions, which are free from restrictions and suspicious looks, the artists might reach the highest level of their works. However, we should not forget, that if the state gives too much freedom to this social group, the others will demand the same rights, the same treatment and so forth, thus the authority of the government will be ruined, due to the enability of the government to give the same things to any person. There are laws which of course to some extent limit the personal individuality, but thanks to these laws, society could live. That is why, equality is so important, of course, there has to be no chasing of artists, but some restrictions have to exist  for them, because they live in society, where all individuals live on such rules. To conclude, creative citizens must express their opinion and must work openly, without worrying about state restrictions. It is obvious, that, definite freedom is essential for talented artists, but some of them may take advantage of it and misbehave, thus they will threat the stability of the society.
