The 21st century, the era of development of technique and machines, gives a lot of opportunities in different spheres of life including travelling. Avia companies are ready to deliver people in any place of the world in any time by any kind of a plane. Nevertheless, such situation causes some troubles concerning environment because so many flights are the reasons of air pollution and global warming. In the modern world there is too much air travelling and the authorities should undertake some meisures in the direction of the decreasing of the amount of flights.
It can be proven by several reasons.
First of all, some flights are really unnecessary. They meet the needs of rich people and do not correspond with the situation with air pollution. Some celebrities have their own planes and fly whenever they want. Some of them have not only the plane. According to well-known tabloids, Roman Abramovich has 5 planes and constantly makes private flights to warm countries or ski resorts.
Moreover, official companies offer to many flights. It turnes out that there are more available goods than needs of people that should be met. For example, Russian company “Aeroflot” undertakes hundreds of flights in day and, according to the interview of stuff, some planes fly without full number of passengers.
Finally, the disastrous air pollution is obvious because of the bad health of people especially in the regions with high percentage of the world’s amount of flights such as Western Europe and the North America. There is the map of current flights on the Internet and it can be seen from it that the most number of flights is undertaken above these continents.
To sum up, we have seen how the role of air travelling has been rising while at the same time air pollution and global warming has become the usual features of modern essistance. If this trend continues and governments do not adopt laws concerning the reducing of the amount of air travel, we will get the generation with poor health and bad ecological situation. 
