Nowadays some people believe that the amount of air trips for business deals and leisure activities should be reduced ought to air transport enormously contributes air pollution and is proven to cause global warming.
However, it seems to be difficult to agree with this statement. First of all, modern society uses a wide range of various transport types, such as undergrounds, traines, cars. Nevertheless, all of them are able to put the environment under threat: poisonous gases, congestions lead to worstening of air quality. However, almost every citizen still continues to have such travel transport services. It is impossible to imagine that (one day) the pollution connecting with the transport use disappears oneday. The same results related to the avia-transport.
Secondly, in such conditions fo globalization and a trend to have a close world the refuse from air travels and even the reduce if them are never achieved. According to the last sociological reports, the specifics of contemporary life: its unpredictability and a high pace will not allow people to stop all the necessary communications and movings at once. And the role of air travels number here can not be diminished. Moreover, air travels let everybody  to safe their deals, to solve compicated problems in short period of time, but such sorts of problems are mostly unpredictable.
At least, there could difficulties in organisation of air travel planning appear. How will it be defined  what person can use avia-travel services more often and what person can not? It is doubtless that now all humans have equal rights, therefore making different borders for different people seems to be unconstitutional and unfair. The crime rate in sphere of getting tickets will highly increase.
To conclude, our society has not enough forces and possibilities to improve the situation connected with air travel pollution and to predict all the consequences, therefore it is more reasonable to keep the things as they are, to control and monitor environmental conditions and to develop a safer kind of transport technologies.
