It has become apparent in recent years, that air travel becomes the main causes of enviroment pollution, especially air and global warming is an issue that many people feel strongly about. The question raises the issue of creation new laws for air travel by goverment. I firmly believe that introduction new laws to reduce number of travel for purposes of business and family trips will have positive and negative effects. The arguments both for and against to the common problem will be evaluated in this essay.
Nowadays during air travel contributes  a lot of fossil fuels, which influence to enviroment ecology. This can be attributed to the fact that air company promotes low-cost airlines, as a result more people are able to afford air tickets and trave by airflights. I think government should increase a taxes for this kind of low-cost airflights. But, aircompanies to stoppage this polificionous decision try to introduce burning engines and catalyst devices, which could clean exhaust gases. At the same time aircompanies are offsets these money losts for “ecofriendly” engines. Hence, government should create law or additional taxes to travel by low-cost airlines just for companies, which are ignored effects of airflights, such as air pollution and global warming.
On the other hand not just governments may decrease this problem, but mainly people. Because people travel by airflight to business meets and leisures. If government describe people the consequences of airflights to ecology, may be people will decrease their air travel. To resolve this problem important to influence people’s meaning and knowledges about air pollution, which contributes by airmachines. Because global warming and pollution of enviromental are detrimental for ecology.
To sum up, I agree with government’s creation of laws, which contain taxes increasing for low-cost airlines just some air companies, which ignore information about consequences of air travel. I (?) my belief that reduction amount of air pollution depend on human beings.
