Several of the most topical environmental problems, like air pollution, are proved to be partly caused by air travelling.Thus, there is a concern whether there should be introduced governmental restrictions or not.
Air travelling is admittedly the fastest and thus one of the most convenient ways of going abroad. As a result, it is widely used for both leisure and business issues. I strongly believe that restrictions on the amount of air travel can be a considerable step back in the development of travel industry. Moreover, thousands of families and close friends will definitely be split with no opportunity of regular long-distance travelling which is mostly provided by planes. One more negative consequence of such restrictions is soaring of the ticket prices which is a common situation when the amount of good or service is artificially restricted.
However, many people are strongly aware of the devastating effect which air travelling brings to the environment. Planes are believed to be in charge of making some species of animals endangered or even extinct, to be guilty in causing a range of lungs illnesses and in some other problems.
Notwithstanding the fact that air travelling is proved to contribute to air polution and even global warming, this issue is believed to be solvable if governments provide scientists with a wider range of opportunities instead of fighting the number of flights. Experts claim current technologies applied in air venicles to be considerably more green than a decade ago. Moreover, the technologies of digital age provide scientists with efficient tools of examining the pollution rates and find out weaknesses that prevent modern planes to be environmental friendly.
To conclude, even though there is a strong attitude towards restricting the number of flights, I suppose that the government should instead put more input into researching the ways of improvement current technologies. Due to the recent research, the planes are claimed to have a high potential of becoming more green. Thus, the negative effect on the environment can be strongly reduced which results in insignificant pollution. Finally, it can be eventually neglected if negative impact close to zero is reached.
