Travelling by aircrafts is considered by many experts to pollute the atmosphere considerably, thus increasing the average temperature on our planet. Governances of countries are thinking of introducing policies limiting the using of planes. In my opinion, although airplanes do influence negatively climate changes and the air quality, there are many other factors, like vehicles, which damage the atmosphere much more significantly.
To begin with, the number of cars exceeds the quantity of planes. Given that information, the amount of damage, done by vehicles, in my opinion, is greater as well. This thesis is confirmed by numerous scientific researchers, which prove that cars indeed pollute more than aircrafts, despite the fact that a single airplane does an exceeding number of hazardous chemical connections. As for government policies, I think that laws prohibiting vehicles that pollute the atmosphere in more than standard volumes should be introduced first, rather than policies limiting the usage of airplanes.
Furthermore, many reach persons acquire not only a single car, but a complete set of vehicles including sportcars which harm the air very significantly. I guess that the purchasing of automobiles is more like a delightful experience for many people on our planet. However, hardly do they care about the influence which these acquisitions will have on the nature in the future. So if I were the president of a country, I would definitely restrict having more than 2 vehicles.
Nevertheless, airplanes play a big role in deteriorating the atmosphere as well as cars. According to researchers in this field of study, there are some areas, where the ozone layout is that weak, so it allows the bigger number of sunrays to penetrate the Earth. But still the quantity  of cars grow at an exceeding rate.
In conclusion, while airplanes do affect negatively the air, there are some other drivers of damaging the atmosphere like cars, which number increases much faster, than aircrafts’ one. In my opinion, if governments do not focus on policies limiting the exploiting of cars, soon it will be too late to introduce laws which reduce the quantity of airplanes on our planet.
