   Nowadays many people claim that the growth in number of sport centers will lead to the improvement of public health. However, others consider this solution not an effective way.
   On the one hand, increasing the number of sport facilities is a good way to encourage people to keep healthy. Firstly, the place of the sport canter is the most important factor for the majority. Nobody will go in for any kind of sport activity if it is too far from home. The bigger amount of these facilities can allow more people to goin a sport club. Secondly, this change in the amount will help people to save their time, it will be more convenient and will not require much time, if the center is not far. Furthermore, through opening new sports facilities people can learn a new kind of activity, so it is a great way of improving and broadminding the population.
   On the other hand, this improvement may not bring the expected results. To start with, the majority does not have much time to do any kind of sport. People nowadays are very busy with work and the increase in the amount of facilities can not make their leisure time become much. Moreover, there are plenty of factors which influence the decision of accepting or refusing of the sport activities. For many people it is more interesting to play computer games or watch TV, for instance, than do any sport. Finally, the increase in the amount of sport centers has little effect on the data of public health. For example, sport can not deal with serious deseases and illnesses. 
   Nevertheless, in my opinion, the increasing of sport facilities, in any case, will have a positive effect. When you see a fit person in a sport center you usually want to take after, become healthy and sporty. So, this kind of improvement will lead to more people doing some sports.
   To sum up, sports facilities are very important for every person and by increasing their number, we can be sure that more people can try to improve their shape, become better and healthier.
