Writing task 2.

   As everybody knows, public health is one of the most important features in respect of the country’s quality of life. Actually, the high level of public health results in the big population and reveals the opportunaty of country to provide good conditions for life. There are different ways to reach the improvement of public health, but each of them has different weight on effectiveness.
   According to the opinion of some people, if the government increase amount of sport facilities, the public health will grow immediately. It is undeniable that sport has direct impact on our physical state. A person who trains regularly in gyms or at home increases his immune system. Thus, he save himself from daily risk to spoil his health.
   However, other people see the other side of the coin in the relation of sport training. They believe that providing for sport facilities by the government does not mean that people start to care for their health being into sport. The social institution which improvement will be really help to raise the level of public health is hospital. The number of people whose health is damaged is considerably more that the healthy pour of population. That’s why in many cases, sport can not help them to recover their condition. On the contrary, highly-qualified doctors have more chances to save their life.
   In my opinion, the improvement of public health depends on many factors at the same time. The government should provide not only one social institution to help people with their health’s problems. One should take into attention that population are pretended by different categories with their own characteristics. Therefore, they must have a chance to choose appropriate variant to improve their health.
   To draw a conclusion, I should say that the government has to provide facilities and institutions for population to save their lives. Moreover, it should not only create them, but also attract population to take care for their health.
