These days education is becoming more and more widespread, reaching most parts of the world. Along with dissemination of culture and knowledge school institutions also give birth to some behavior-related problems. Most crutial among them is that of bad student behavior, which is inevitably rising in such environment.

In my opinion there are several causes affecting student behaviour of this kind. First of all, we should bear in mind that pupils are usually 7 to 17 years old. This is often referred to as a childhood. During this period of life people are always active, eager to live and move, communicate and explore new horizons. That’s why it’s difficult for them to sit all day long at a desk instead of doing what they really want. Secondly, in this age most of the students don’t actually understand why they have to learn something which is boring to them as well as irrelevant and unnecessary. Thus, here we face the lack of motivation along with misunderstanding of the learning process purpose. Thirdly, at this point the problem of nearly small number of qualified teachers and tutors stands off. Recently, being a school teacher has gone out of fashion and respect, coming along with becoming a low-paid  job (at least in Russia). Each of the factors have greatly influenced to the loss of experts in this area.

However, there are several suggestions to be applied that can improve the situation. In terms of solving hyperactivity problem more PE classes should be put in the curriculum, causing kids to give out all the extra energy during organized physical activities rather than during other (sedentary) classes. In order to avoid misunderstanding, teachers and parents should explain to the kids why they have to study and how it would help them in future. Lessons should also become more creative and “live” to cause students’ enthusiasm and curiosity. Experiments and practical assignments should also be put into practice. Finally, in order to attract new specialists and make the profession look more appealing the government should raise teacher’s salaries and provide them with a set of social benefits (like a free place to live, transport discount card and so on).

To sum up, the problem of bad student behavior does exist and causes troubles to some extent. Its reasons are also clear and pretty the same all over the world, as well as the solutions, which seem to be rather universal. Inspite the fact that some of them are not so easy to apply, they are effective and should be considered.
