Almost everyone in his teenage tends to misbehave and grow rebellions against what his parents tell him. In most cases this  model of behaviour comes to school, where a child starts to behave as if he was at home. This is a very basic problem, and in this essay I’m going to review some of its major causes and some ways to solve it.

	Mostly children’s misbehaviour begins at the age of 12-14. This is the time when a child, or already a teenager, starts to realize that he is no longer a child and that he is already an adult. When this happens, a child starts to think that he doesn’t need his parents in order to live a sustainable life. This position is very wrong, however, since people of such young age cannot provide themselves with such things which parents do. So children start to show their adultness in their behaviour, since it is the only field where they can show they’re already grown-up.

	Another major reason for misbehaviour in school is lack of parental attention. Sometimes parents don’t pay much needed attention to their child, and this often results in them turning to their pubertant friends or classmates. Mostly children do listen to each other more, and soon child grows rebellions against his parents as his pal has said to him. This is the time when children usually start to smoke as one of the ways to pretend they are adults.

	Moreover, children at the age of 12-14 think they’re the kings of the world, they have overpowered self-esteem, so they must prove this to everyone else through their behaviour, as there are not too many other ways. Often, the “victims” of such method are teachers, as they are adult, and children pretend they don’t need them anymore.

	As for the solutions, there are almost none of them. With discipline enharshment children will only get even more rebellions and more wicked. The only possible way to stop misbehaviour in schools is probably very tyranical discipline, but I’m not sure if schools will ever happen to do that.

	To sum up, I want to say that children’s misbehaviour is evitable, and that there are not too many efficient ways to stop this at schools.
