Nowadays there is a belief that using of technologies such as mobile phones, computers and others can lead to increase of health problems among modern society. The possible diseases are quite diversified and people should think carefully about the consequences of frequent contact with technological devices. 
Firstly the most expanded and obvious problem is connected with eyes. People face the need to work with computers, to search for essential information with mobile phones and tablets. Unfortunately, they do not even notice how quickly they spoil their eye sight. As this is not very serious problem if you find it out in the beginning of development, people can avoid horrible consequences remembering several necessary rules. For example, they should have a break every hour while working with any electronic device. Furthermore, they need to hold mobile phones or watch a TV in a certain distance. The accurate numbers have been already defined by scientists. 
Secondly, the frequent use of modern technologies can result in addiction. The problem is vasted for teenagers and youngsters. One day they start communicating with each other in social networks and several months later they can not stop themselves from using mobile phones almost everywhere during the whole day. To prevent these consequences, people and particularly teenagers should have interests and hobbies in the real life. Their parents or friends should also help them in this situation. 
Thirdly, some scientists hold an opinion that men, who carry their mobile phones in the pockets of their trousers or jeans for a long time, can not have children. The scientists made several researches on this subject and this health problem was approved. To reduce possible consequences, man should follow quite a simple rule: to put mobile phones away from the pockets. 
In conclusion, it is important to know just that despite the enormous usefulness of modern technologies, people should not forget about unpleasant health problems that can be caused while using them. 