In 21 century the science go forward. Internet, social media, social networks are important are important part of human life. With help of them people could communicate. Watch news and videos. Improvements of hi-teck has not all positive, but also negative sides. With help of social networks and web-sites people all around the world could copy films and music and watch or hear it illegal. 
There are two main points of view. The first is supported by musicians, actors and producers, which loose money from piracy in internet. They spend money for creating films and music and they want to earn more. There were many situations, when pirates downloaded films in internet before the premier and film-makers lost some money because people watched it in internet. Some pirates created online cinemas, where people could see films free. Pirates earned money from advertising. Film-makers and lingers think, that the government schould control the internet and protect property rights of people, who create films and music. 
There is also opposite point of view, which is supported by some internet-users and politicians in western countries. They think, that government or police couldn't affect on internet, because it is free and private space for people all changed the world. Film makers and producers want to earn more money, but people mustn't pay for their mistakes. Also internet-activists think, that some producers are simply greedy and because of that they want destroy the rules of global network. In many european countries Ycealand, Poland, Germany, Sweden, Finland and other created pirate-parties. These anti-sistem movements protest against the rights of capitalism and global market. Activists from these parties supported internet users and thought that all people all around the world have the right to make in internet everything, that they want. Some of these parties won parlament seats in Europe. 
To conclude, I'ed like to say, that producers or film-creators and internet users must create an agreement, which would not only protect their property rights, but also will be comfortable for internet users. If creators will download their intellectual property in internet and users will pay not so much money for it, it would be practically comfortable not only for singers and film-creators, but also for internet-users. Of course, it is not easy to reach the compromise between these communities, but if they would like to fiant the negotiations, it will be useful for all people - for creators and for users.