Nowadays people are so attached electronic devices that they can hardly imagine their life without them. Such an addiction gradually causes unpleasant consequences for plenty of people. Though young people consider modern technology is a part of life, personally I assume it is killing people step by step.

Firstly, it is out of question that technical progress evoked various health problems for humans. The most widely spread and relevant problem, especially among children, seems to be obesity. From childhood people sit in front of the computers for hours, which diminues their physical strength. For example, the deaths in Japan took place after 3-day marathon of playing video games. Apart from that, various organs suffer from electronic devices — eyes from the bright screen, ears from loud music, heart from ultra violet radiation. 

Secondly, gadgets give birth to some mental issues. People tend to communicate more at work, stressed because of endless phone calls, but at the same time feelings of isolation occur. Therefore, the number of depressive humans increased tremendously. In addition, the research shows that children, who spend too much time being in a virtual reality, become more aggresive than their peers, that also reflects a bad influence of technics on future generation.

On the other hand, some people say technics brought a relief in their life. Plenty of things can be done at the same time now with the help of electronic devices. Such people believe that right time management and self-control are able decrease health problems. For example, when people feel they are tired of work they just turn off the phone and read a book of fly somewhere in the wild nature get rid of bad emotions. Also living in the country helps to change the situation.

Summing up, although modern technology brings some harm, on the other hand, it gives more good. People are not capable to elicit gadgets completely from their lives, but they are able to avoid bad impact of them by regarding some simple restrictions in using technics. I hope, it will help to avoid more deaths in the future.
