The issue of "content pirates" is the huge problem for modern ethics and law. The attitude to sharing information in XXI century may be under influence of different points of view. 
One part of people prefer talk about electronic information in terms of "intelligent property". They say that there is no difference between the ways of distributing films or music. Even somebody want have them only in digital form, without using CD-disks, he or she still have to pay for the products. It has some reasons because workers spent their time and laber to made or developt the films, music or soft, and they need to get money for their job. "Why the master piece of music is less important for customers that master piece of art?" Other problem is sharing with friends when one of them give another a book, another makes exchange with his friend… Is it "pirate network"? As usual, the producers say "no". Their powers are enforced against people who make money by copying of their production. 
To the opposite, second part prefers talk about free exchange and free flaws of information. Their philosophy is close to anarchist theory that means the rise of human knowledge and solidarity in the situation. "If someone really likes the product, he or she will go to cinema, or donate money for the author. The biggest part of price is outcome of labels greed", - they say. And sometimes it happens: people buy a game to support the game studia and go to the concerts because they like illegally downloaded album. And these people share the information because they enjoy it and try to help strangers to feel it too. 
Generally, both sides have arguments. For me conception of free-sharing is more modern and essential for digital society. It also may stimulate producers to do their job better. I mean, if their film is interesting and important, I will go to the cinema. If an album is unusual, I will buy tickets to premiere of it. May be, if people just do their job perfectly, the problem will be resolved. The success of European pirat party supports this opinion.