Nowadays listening to music and watching films from websites are very popular. But music and films often exist there illegally because of hackers or web-pirates take away them from the official web-sites of musicians and film producers. It is done for getting benefits and cuts owner's profits. There are laws about private rights of property in many countries. Pirats are not always punished or pursued and moreover people downloading these files should get punishment too. 
It can be agreed with the statement about getting punishment both for hackers and people using pirat's copies. First of all, using materials of theft is the same support as making theft comes true. So, people should be punished for these acts as helpers for crimes. Beside this, people often don't want to buy expensive legal discs and films and that is why they download pirat's versions because of a special aim not to spend a lot of money for these media products. Moreover, there is tend to share of musical products in the Internet with friends and relatives. It means spending of objects of theft. It of course, can be pursued for judiciary by courts. 
On the other side of the coin, it can be disagreed with the statement about pursueing downloading people. The first argument for their support is that they really could not know about the origin of a concrete film or music track. The most cases it is about old people who like listen to music or watch interesting films. They might not to have enough knowledges for using Internet because a computer sphere changes fast actually. So, this idea should connect with children too. They are very small, they can download fils and not to think about consequances. The second argument for disagreement is taking to attension the fact about who really thefted. It means, people need to look at the essential real crime, not to sharing music and film. 
In conclusion I want to say that, of courses, all crime-makers should be punished especially how in situation that pirat's copies are world-spread. But we need to remember that if we will juge almost everybody it can be finished by exception from the attention unnormous, irrational cases.