In today's fast-moving world many people maintain that the most effective way to reduce amount of crimes is to keep those who committed a crime in prison for a longer time. However, others, and I am among them, disagree with this idea. First of all, people in prisons live in very poor conditions and under very strict rules which they have to obey, the get bad food and they can be hitted by their roommates or even by policemen. I believe that living in such conditions cannot affect person in a good way, he or she will not be better after all prison sentence even if it is longer, and we definitely cannot claim that after the prison this thief or a merder won't commit a crime again. Moreover, if people want to deter crime, they have to understand why and how crimes are committed. The government and the police need to think about selling weapons and other tools that can cause people dying, it must be very restricted. Thurthermore, there are a lot of organizations which helps many peolpe all around the world to fight with their psyco problems when they face them. I think this help also will be relevant for prisoners, because many of them comitted crimes for such psycological reasons. For example, I read a text about a man who had some problems with his health, espesially with nervological system. He comitted a murder, but at that moment he hadn't realised what he had been doing, all his family was shocked they did not want to believe in this. The court sent him to prison for 25 years. However, in prison his illness appeared in a very cruel way. One day it was decider to send him to the special hospital, where educated specialists from different countries helped him. And he was free after 14 years as a healthy man without any diseas and not after 25 years as it was planned innitially. Thus alternative method was more effecient in this situation that the prison sentence. To sum up, I would like to say that alternative ways of reducing crime have more benifits than drawbacks, and not every person has to be sent in prison for longer time in order to understand his fault.