The increasing number of crimes is one of the most inportant nowadays problems. It is obvious that that problem should be resolved but there are different opinion about the way of doing. There a large group of people who consider the making the prison sentences longer is the best way to reduce the crime and there are both pluses and minuses in this theory. The advantage of this way is that probably the number of relapces would reduce. Also the fear of wasting time will be a good motivation not to brake the low. On the other hand, the sistem is not ideal and the people who were sentenced wrongly maybe would never have a chance to return to their previous lives. Moreover, the amount of prisoners would increase and it could be a problem becouse their keeping is not the cheepest thing. The other opinion is that there should be alternative ways to reduce crimes. For example, the agitation not commit the crimes which hepls prevent ptople from braking the low. May be the one more way is the financial support of people which would prevent them from stealing. This position is good but not all people commit the crimes because of need and not all have the concience and the feel of justice, so this way will not resolve the problem complitely. I think that we should combine both this ways but we shouldn't be fanatics. May be the punishments should be more strict but not too strict becouse it could brake someone's life. One more thing, upbtinging is quite important, so parents should talk with their children more. In out univercity the call center is given so if someone need support he or she can call and have help. One time my friend called their and had material support, which may be prevent her from commiting a crime. In conclusion I would like to say that in the battle with crimes we should we should use as our first weapon talks and understanding, suppoting and motivation, but only after that strict measures like a strict sentences. Because it is better have no criminals than have them in prisons.