The bar charts provided indicate that Facebook's mobile user base is growing, while conversely, it's becoming less popular with desktop users. Obviously, two data points are not enough to make a significant conclusion, but it's possible to infer that Facebook users are switching to mobile devices, and also that its user base is growing: the figures indicate that the number of mobile users is growing significantly faster than the number of desktop users is dropping. Data is also given on the gender distribution of reasons for Facebook use. According to the data, both male and female users consider sharing photos and videos to be an important reason to use Facebook, but women found it somewhat more important. Recieving updates is an equally valid reason to both men and women, and for men it's tied for the highest-rated answer with "Sharing photos/videos" at 39%. Women seem to be slightly more interested in seeing funny posts than men, at 43% versus 35%. They also more likely to consider Facebook a good opportunity to learn about ways to help others than men. Sharing photos and videos is the answer where the greatest disparity between male and female respondents can be observed: 15% more female respondents consider it one of their main reasons for using Facebook. Interestingly enough, men also rate this answer highly - this will be adressed later. Seeing funny posts or learning about ways to help others are also reasons that are more popular among women than men. Generally, in the data presented, men seem to be less interested in every reason given than women. This gives us insight into the methods used in this survey: perhaps each respondent could give an arbitrary number of reasons for using Facebook, and men gave less answers in general. Perhaps we are only seeing a slice of the whole survey: certainly it seems strange that there is no single reason which men would find more important than women. However, without being acquainted with the methodology of this survey, we cannot propose a single satisfactory explanation for this disparity in the data.