Nowadays it is important to drop our attantion to the system of criminal punishments. There are certain ways, which people say to be helpful. Some believe that giving longer prison sentences is a solution, others do not agree with tis opinion and offer alternative ways of reducing crime rate. The increasing the length of prison sentences is a good way to solve the crime problem. If it has been regulated by law, the criminals would be more attentive. This can also be helpful from the psycological point of view. Surely, the criminals are scared when they are being said about the length of the sentence. However, there are severral countries, where prisons are like our hotels. For example, in Sweden prisons are so good that people sometimes commit crimes just to get their. There are several insidents with homeless people, who desided to do that. Giving longer sentences will be not a punishment for hem. There are better alternative ways of reducing crime. In my opinion, rebuilding the whole juge system will be a solution. We all know that nowadays coruption is a problam and that it exists even in the system of judging. It is important to somehow get rid of it, because nothing will help if this problem stay. Moreover, it could be helpful to reconstruct the system of prison managment, when criminals are let to leave because of their good behaviour. I think that it is wrong to do that due to, judging by the statistics, such criminals return to prisons and sometimes due to the bigger and more serious crimes. People's awareness is important too. Society sometimes dose not show any interest in such crusial problem. This must be improved by different lectures and may be films. It will be great if there are more funds dedicated to this problem. On the meetings of such funds different famous people are necessary to be invited. It can attract people's attansion. So, in my opinion those, who believe in alternative ways are right. Giving longer prison sentences is a good solution, but it is not enough to reduce crime, in Scandinavian countries for sure. This problem is very important and must be analysed from differnt points of view.