In the world we live today crime is of a great concern as it affects our society. Nowadays, some believe that the prolonged sentence of a prisoner will be a good idea of punishment, while others disagree. In my opinion, the periods of sentence should be discussed to avoid negative effects of the punishment. The reasons for that will be outlined below. To begin with one should take into account that the longer prison sentence has a beneficial effect on the sentenced. On the one hand, their attitude of the prisoners can be dramatically changed by their reflection during the period of sentence. As it appears to be not each of the sentenced is able to recover after the punishment; moreover, he or she can return to the dangerous activity from the part. As for the society, a longer period of sentence cannot put pressure on them; therefore, victims and their relatives can apply for a psychological help during the period of sentence without thinking over the revenge. However, this solution shows a range of disadvantages for the prisoners. On the one hand, their social detachment may cause further depression; on the other hand, they may not definitely bear and survive strict prison conditions. To consider the other view point one should think over the less problematic solutions for the crime reduction. Though the trainings and rehabs may be considered less effective, these ways of punishment can change the attitude of the prisoners. Instead of prolonging the punishment, one can introduce more educational assessments and trainings to be sure that the prisoner will tend to normal life in future. In my opinion, strict measures can have a devastating effect on human mind, namely, a longer sentence can damage social nets in the society. As everyone has a chance to recover and stick to a normal life, there should be introduced trainings and recover organizations. To conclude, a longer prison sentence can cause negative effects in the society. Once introduced, they can destroy personality of the prisoner; however, the sentenced people can be saved and educated.