Nowadays, there is financial crisis in the world. Many international companies are trying to find solvations of their financial problems. One of the interesting ideas companies came up with is to change locations of their buisnesses from their own countries to poorer, developing ones. Is it really a very good buisness idea or just a waste of money and time? On the one hand, this idea has many advantages. First one is low-costed employ of local workers. For example, "Apple" company build their own main factories in China there they spend less money on creating of Iphones, Ipads and etc. If you have Iphone or Ipad, just check there it was produced. Secondly, taxes in poor and developing countries are very low. That helps companies to have financial benefits out of this. For example, "Volvo" builds their cars in Novosibirsk, Russia. That helps them avoid taxes of Russian Federation then they import their product. They only pay taxes for car production which are very low in Russia. On the other hand, the process of changing location to poorer and developing countries is very expensive. For example, "Apple" company spent billions of dollars on building their factories in China. Yes, they found their own benefits there by low-costed workers, but before that they spent huge amount of money on re-organization of their company in different country. Secondly, there is a very demanding law process. Before you can open your company in the other country you have to get many documents. Many companies cannot afford themselves buying, for example, license for producing and selling their product. In my opinion, idea to move buisnesses to slow developing countries is very good, but not every company can afford it. The process of changing the location is very demanding financially and emotionally. For example, "Apple" company or "Volvo" company can afford themselves to do their buisnesses in other countries. But, for example, our Russian company called "Lada-cars" which is actually a very big company, unfortunately, cannot afford to do buisness in other countries. Only to export their product.