This report will describe the changes in the use of Facebook from 2012 to 2013 and discuss the reasons for using Facebook. The use of Facebook has increased between March 2012 and March 2013. Overall, more people access Facebook on their desktop computer than on their mobile. This tendency has remained the same throughout the studied time period. However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million. More people have started to use Facebook on their mobile device, with the number of such users growing from 50 to almost 100 million. The other component of this report focuses on the main reasons for people to use Facebook, and the differences between male and female Facebook users. The most popular main use of Facebook is sharing photos or videos, which holds true for 54% of women and 39% of men. Receiving updates is the number two reason for using Facebook, accounting for 39% of Facebook users of both genders. Seeing funny posts is the third most popular use of Facebook, which applies to 43% of female and to 35% of male users. And lastly, the fourth most popular use of Facebook is to learn about ways to help others, which holds true for 35% of women and 25% of men that use this social network. It is necessary to add that the numbers of women who voted for the above choices are higher than those of men. In the studied time period of March 2012 to March 2013, more people have been choosing mobile Facebook, which means they're using this social network on the go, and are posting more posts right as the event of the post takes place. That means that the photos and videos that are being taken are uploaded to Facebook almost immediately, making it a fast and fun way to share with friends and family. On the other hand, the prevailing means of accessing Facebook is through a desktop computer, which mean that looking at funny posts and actually communicating to people to help them remains one of the most popular choices for using Facebook.