At present, there is a certain trend among international corporations to move their businesses to developing countries and employ local workforce. It is indeed a development that is quite controversial, both from the ethical viewpoint and economical one. I believe, that this is not a particularly good decision as there are actually more disadvantages to this than advantages. First of all, in such cases local workers can be employed in unsuitable conditions, as the labor market tends not to be strictly regulated in developing countries, and there is no one to stand up for the workers that are being oppressed. Providing them with all the conditions required for comfortable work is usually too expensive, so for many companies it is hard to resist the temptation to cut down on such things. Secondly, it can be not as profitable as one could think: the costs to move the production to where they are sold (usually, developed countries) rise dramatically and a company that decides to make such a transfer has to reorganize the entire logistics network. Also, local workers are often uneducated, underqualified and not suited for the work that's up to them, so a lot of money has to be spent on their training before beginning to gain profits. There are, surely, some advantages, such as lower taxes and production costs in developing countries which can seriously lower overall expenses of a corporation, or, for example, the idea that such projects stimulate the economy of poor countries, improving the financial welfare of their citizens and reducing unemployment rates. But I believe that, as for the expenses, it is outweighed by higher logistics costs, and the salaries and working conditions in these cases tend to be quite low, which undermines the benefits for the economy. To sum up, I think that the disadvantages of the strategy to move business to developing countries usually outweigh the advantages, both for the company that decides to do so and for the workers in target countries, and it is not an unquestionably right policy -- one should consider whether it is possible to give employees necessary conditions and still gain profits, counting logistics and worker education costs.