Many so-called "whales" companies move their factories to developing countries which does not only mean a cheaper production, but also can help locals to find jobs. It sounds like a good plan from which both sides can benefit. Still, there are things to be worried about. The idea of moving a business to a place where people are unemployed and therefore human resources are cheaper is popular. Gigantic companies producing things from athletic wear to laptops and smartphones make their products in Asia while the head office of the company is in London or in LA. There are many benefits not only for the company itself - in many situations locals are out of stable jobs which leads to poverty and health issues in the developing country. Bringing western rules of medical insurance and work schedule for employees to the developing countries is not only about providing these people with job, but also teaching them that a company should care about its workers and provide them with medicine, breaks and days-off. Still, sometimes these rules are not being followed. From time to time one could read or hear about psychological and physical issues that factory workers in developing countries have due to harsh schedule and small salary they get for working 18 hours a day. Apparently, some western companies believe that using cheaper human resources allows them to be unfair about their workers' health and psychological issues. One more disadvantage of bringing huge factories to developing countries is air pollution. If each and every big company whether it produces soda drinks or fashionable shoes, is going to bring their production to developing countries, the areas where all these factories are going to be concentrated will be polluted like no other place on Earth which would make it even more dangerous for people to work there. Bringing big businesses in developing countries has its pros and cons, still, I believe, that physical and psychological issues that workers face sometimes are not that common to stop this practice for it provides millions of people with stable job which means food and education for their families and decent working conditions for the workers themselves.