There are many views on what is the most perfect way to reduce crime. One of possible solutions, which easily comes up to one's mind, is to give longer prison sentences, but it is not the only one. A lot of people consider giving longer prison sentences to be reasonable. First of all, there is a correlation between the fact of how serious is a crime and how long the prison sentence for that crime should be. This correlation is driven by our understanding of justice and, therefore, depends on local laws and cultural differences. Nevertheless, it seems to be linear in most of cases. This assumption leads to a conclusion that a fear of being capted for such a long period of time discourages people from commiting a crime. Secondly, it is important to remember that the likelihood of commiting a crime is higher if a person had been already caught once. That is why excluding people who have commited a crime from the society may help to prevent further incidents given that a remarkable amount of crimes is commited by ex-prisoners. On the other hand, a plenty of other ways to reduce crime had been developed. For instance, education is an integral part of crime prevention. The more you develop people's consciousness, the more they start to avoid breaking the rools not because of fear, but because of their moral principles. Looking for another example, one can find the inevitability of a punishment more useful than its strength. A person should know that he or she is responsible for even a small crime, experts say. In my opinion, it is highly beneficial to combine all the possibilities. Government should control prisons and revise law system, using all the means it has to maintain justice. Non-profit and charity organisations can also help in reducing crime by providing social rehabilitation of ex-prisoners and making educational programmes. People who has commited a crime are still humans, and it is a responsibility of the society to keep it in mind: we fight against crime, but not the people.