In recent years the social web-sites have become more popular with people around the world. Almost all people who live in cities have their home pages on Facebook or in Vkontakte. Someone believes that people use them in order to share their experience and provide some knowledge while others think that social media are just the means of entertainment. In my essay I will look at different points of view and give my opinion. To start with, I absolutely agree that social media are associated with global virtual world where we can find a lot of new and interesting information. From day to day people are surfing the net and sharing information with their virtual friends. For example, there are many groups in Vkontakte, which are devoted to various fields and subjects. People join these groups and communicate providing new information. However, it's known that social web-sites are full of incorrect information. People often falsify some advertisements on the Internet in order to attract the virtual audience. For instance, advertisements about getting cars free re very popular in social media. As regard using Vkontakte or Facebook as the entertainment I agree with the fact that web-sites are mostly used to meet new friends, watch videos, listen the music or play games. In other words, social media give people opportunity to relax and have fun. There is a great number of different games, videos on social web-sites that can prevent a user from being bored. We can take the well-known videos of internet bloggers as an example. Nevertheless, if a person can demonstrate his willpower and self-organization probably he will become dependent on these web-pages sooner or later. Today spending time for social web-pages is usually considered as the waste of time. In conclusion, social media can be used for both sharing or providing information and entertaining. Personally, I believe that the main purpose of depends on what a person want to get new friends, new information, new experience. Social media present a various choice of interesting things.