There are different points of view when we talk about business. One of the modern business trends is a relocation of international companies to developing countries all over the world and an employment of local workers. This process has both advantages and disadvantages. To begin with, there are a lot of benefits when international companies move and appear in poor countries. Firstly, this fact improves infrastructure. In other worlds new roads, buildings and other facilities are created because of international companies. The next reason why it is a good idea to move international companies in these countries is that developing countries start to develop faster. It means that new ideas and technologies of international companies help to make living in these countries better. According to one Russian social research, the developing countries where a lot of international companies were moved solve many social political and economic issues and their development became faster. However, there are some disadvantages of this process. One of them is a bad condition of work in poorer countries. For instance, it is very hard to make business in Tunasia because there are a lot of deserts, a lack of nature and other factors in this area. In addition, a lot of people in developing countries do not have special education. in other words, it is very hard to employ local workers and find persons who graduated from universities. For example, the level of illiteracy in Tunasia is one of the highest in the world and businessmen do not want to move their companies to this developing country. Nowadays, it is very trendy to move huge international companies to developing countries all over the world and employ poor local people there. The main benefit of this process is that these companies create a new infrastructure. The main disadvantage is that nobody want to move a business to a country with bad working conditions. However, it seems to me that the advantages of this improvement or development outweigh the disadvantages and it is a very good idea to move business to poorer countries and employ local people.