Nowadays it is hard to find someone who is not regestered in any social network. the question that really matters is what should be the main aim for such kinds of web-sites. Some people say, that the main purpose of social networks is to help communicate information and share knowledge. Others tend to think that those web-sites are just another entertainment facilities. On the one hand, social networks were initially created to help people communicate and they still are means of transferring information. Firstly, it is easier to send some important filled via Vkontakte than via a common e-mail. For example, most of the classmates know each other's social network accounts, but don't remember personal e-mails. Secondly, most of the media sources publish information both on their sites and on their pages in the social network. The reason is that it is easier for some people to learn everything they need from one site such as vk.com or facebook.com, than to visit different media websites, finally, social networks have a "share" option which enable users to share information they find interesting or usefull with their friends by a click of a mouse. On the other hand, entertainment context accounts for a bigger part on social networks than useful information, one reason for this is that many people see social networks as a way of relaxing during their leisure time. For example, people like to watch funny videos or read jokes when they are trying to relax. A second reason is that people try to earn money from the content on the social networks sites and entertainment always attracts more audience than usefull information, such as news. Finally same social networking sites nowadays don't even give people ability to communicate and all count there is for entertainment. Instagram could be an example of a such time. In conclusion I'd like to share my opinion on this dilemma. I believe, that although entertaining became a crucial part of social networking model, communicating information and sharing knowledge still remains the main purpose of social networks. In my opinion people need quick and convenient ways of transferring information and therefore, if all social networks are aimed only at entertaining people, than soon a news one will be created for people to be able to exchange messages.