We live in a world where every country try to develop its economics, politics and life of its citizens. We live in the world where globalization means a lot for people. International companies today try to create and build their business in developing countries that are poorer than developed and use local cheep workers. Some people think that is very good, but others absolutely disagree with this statement. It is not a secret that many transnational companies find places all over the world where they can do their business without extra payments and where cheeper. That is why they build their factories and farms in poorer regions. But it is not bad, I mean. First of all, because of if international companies rise life's level of developing countries, because they invest money and resources in their economics. It is believed that will be the main cause why migrants can stay in their countries, because they will have work places and will be paid for their work. Moreover, international companies can pay more less money local workers and invest saved money to global projects that can be useful for all people. And the third thing I would like to notice is increasing of globalization. People do not live only in their countries, they can easily travel and work around the world because international companies create economical bridges or globalization. If someone think that international companies create one global world, another suppose that this processes had bad impact on environment of developing regions. Companies try to use all world resources of all regions and they do not think about bad influence of their economic values. They only want to get a lot of money in poorer regions. In conclusion I would like to say that international companies arise economics and life's level of the people from poorer regions due to using their workers and resources. People should remember that more developed countries can rise economic feagures of developing regions due to globalization that is an important part of our modern world.