In our modern world many people are doing their own business, because it is beneficial and can give a good progress to the economics of the country. So, it is obvious that there are a lot of international companies that move their businesses to developing countries. In my opinion, this development has both advantages and disadvantages and none of it can outweigh the other. On the one hand, business in poor, developing countries is badly developed because people do not have enough money to start it. So, rich countries with moving their businesses companies help poor ones develop the economic part of their life. Furthermore, with developing economics social and cultural spheres begin to improve too. It may lead to the faster developing of the whole country which was poor in the past but will be rich in th near future. For example, companies will employ local workers what can afford to decrease the level of unemployment. People became richer and can buy products with better quality. So, local businessmen will develop their deals to give the opportunity buy a lot of local products. On the other hand, if there are a lot of international companies in the poor countries, the local business cannot develop so fast or cannot develop at all because of unnessesary. In this way, poor country may never became richer as it depend on rich country. Big countries use poor ones as a place where they can sell the production or employ a cheap workers. We may notice that it is a circle of poorness or slave. For example, many USA companies move their businesses to developing countries. There are a lot of USA car factories in Russia and other. As a result, we have a bad local car production because the quality of our products much worse and it is hardly changed. To sum up, the process of moving business from rich to poor countries has both positive and negative influence, but it is important to understand that poor and developing countries should be given a support to improve and develop world business as a whole and different social, politic, economic and cultural spheres.