In our contemporary society government of various countries and countries from them are trying to deal with a poor situation in developing countries. Business organisations are not the exception so the idea of transferring international productions and their business goes from strength to strength. However, it is believed that if has its own drawbacks. First of all, the movements of developed companies to poorer countries give great possibilities to their local habitants. It is obvious that people would able to find proper work for themselves and it can make the situation of poor families much better. Furthermore, businesses of international companies gives wealth and prosperity for that country in a whole way. It is able to deal with unemployment in the country, to bring up the socio-economic status of their sitizens and what is more such business development can influence on the countries' infrastructure and transport system. On the other hand, there is an option that the disadvantages of this development can be superior. Firstly, for the majority of workers who should obligatory follow to poorer countries it becomes hard to change their life style to which they get used. Secondly, it makes a hard and difficult way to leave a strong company on its first locations. The head of the company should have a strong team to deal with business in both countries they situated. Finally, sometimes it takes too much affort and investment to change the location of business and to save the previous amount of production. In my point of view, though such kind of development can sound difficult and for someone even unbelievable, it still gives a possibility for poor people to change their lifestyle to a better conditions. In conclusion, it I worth, to say that such changes always depend on the possibilities of company. However, we should not forget about their main aim and benefit, that is not only to find more workers or cheap resources but also to develop the wealth and prosperity for poorer countries.