The majority of people has an opinion that two largest communication sources of modern web - Facebook and Vkontakte - were created to modify process of sharing information and knowledge. The minority believes that this sources are the best for communication and amusement. Personally, I donot support any idea of this two and prefer thinking that both sources are really good for all the purposes Named. I have rather good arguments in support of both ideas and now I'm going to talk about the first one. We simply cannot deny the fact that Facebook and Vkontakte are now more than just messengers. I want to modalise the situation according to Russian reality. A lot of pupils, students and even adults brows interesting pages, groups, societies in Vkontakte in order to find some useful information. But the way, there are a lot of services that make the search of this information much easier and flatter. For example, one can follow interesting pages or groups and all the information being posted on their pages would be linked to his feed page. The same idea takes place in Facebook. Truly speaking, I don't know who introduced it first, but I prefer to believe that it was first announced in Vkontakte, because it's a Russian social network. as I said it before, now I am going to name some facts in support of the second opinion. The main feature of Vkontakte is the free access to a huge number of audios and videos. Lots of them are illegal. If you know, but our society accepts it with enthusiasm, and only. There are also a lot of minigames and a huge number or entertainment groups in Vkontakte. This makes some people believe that this media source is only good for entertainments. To conclude, it is important to say that both opinions have some serious argument in support of their positions, but in general, it would be wrong to say that one of them is true and the other is false. I think that in such situation we should reach a kind of compromise and agree that both opinions are rather good, but together they become not only good, but also correct.