Nowadays there is a big number of companies prefer to locate their business in developing countries which are poorer than developed ones. Most of all it belongs to companies which produce something so they have their factories to poorer lands. However, offices also do than as well. To start from the advantages there are some positive sides of moving business to developing countries. Firstly, as such countries are developing, their economy is not at the high level so taxes for business are not high. Besides, centers of international companies located in a poor country, help this country develop with providing job for population. An additional advantage for company is that rate of salaries in developed countries is low, so the firm does not have the huge costs. So these points are positive for both country and company at the same time. However, despite the fact there are some advantages in idea to move business to developed countries, there are disadvantages too. First of all, as developed countries have bad economies and the lack of job, the education suffers too. As a result, the company has risks connected to the qualification of labour force. Secondly, the location of business far from the central office and administration can lead to the misunderstandings and working mistakes. Next disadvantage which I concern a lot is a potential damage to developed countries. While business helps to develop economy, it could be danger for the social and environment spheres. Well-known examples of European countries show it is exactly could be dangerous. Germany, France, Switzerland build their factories in poor countries as Pakistan in Asia or in African states, they do not care about this country, only amount benefits. Their chemical, oil production pollute the air, what leads to the people' diseases. So it becomes a big problem for humanity all over the world. To sum up, company advantages and disadvantages of doing business in that way, I believe that positive sides do not outweigh the negative ones. In spite of all potential profits without forcing the poor states to locate their offices or factories on their lands.