In present time there are a lot of international enterprises which started productions in developing countries, giving jobs to local people. I believe that such trand has a negative impact on the economy of those countries and also on lives of people working there. To starts with, those international companies can underline local economy of poorer countries by placing their facilities and plants on it's territory. People who could have opened their own small businesses and support development of their own country are employed by a big company, which not only prevent them from doing so, but also takes a huge part of local market, making economy growth nearly impossible for a developing country. For example, Bangladesh is one of such countries. Many of worlds well-known companies started producing their goods there providing a job for local people, however, it did not help economy of the region. Indeed such a situation made it even weaker. Another reason to claim that there are much more disadvantages for poorer countries to have large companies productions on their territory is the fact that the main reason for those companies to move businesses is their will to pay less. Making products in developed, wealth places is rather expensive as it requires a lot of investments in improving working process, paying insurances, in order to meet rights of people involved in production, whilst in poor countries rights of workers are usually not defended by the local government, so it is much easier to make people work harder for less money. Example of this is India, there production of clothes cause not only a great damage to nature but also a lot of decrease to people involved in a process. To sum up, international companies businesses moved in developing countries can have a lot of negative consequences for local economy, it can also have its effect on lives of workers living there. That is why I believe those processes should be controlled by developing countries' governments.