The advances made by humans have made us the dominant species on our planet. However, several eminent scientists are considering that we are becoming too successful, that our way of life has a serious impact on ecosystem of the Earth. Air pollution and global warming are the obvious examples of this affecting. According to this, decision are divided into two main groups: some people think that air travel should be reduced by government, others believe that it is beneficial to our society. Let us discuss the pros and cons of it. It is my personal strong belief, that our travel is necessary for humanity. First of all, it is the fastest way of transport. While planning business trips or vacations, millions of people prefer to use planes, because there is a good combination of speed quality and price in modern air transport. Moreover, safety is also a great characteristic of our travelling. The possibility of air crashing is about one chance of million flying miles, whis is the smallest quantity among all modern ways of transport. At least but not at least planes are able to cover a lot of miles, including oceans, mountains and so on. It is nearly impossible to travel from Sydney to London without using our transport. In spite of sitting in comfortable chair, you should spend a couple of weeks on ship, then using longway trains and so on. To my mind, it is not so convenient. On the other hand, some people think that it is harmful for our planet to use air travelling. However, I believe that there are a lot of more damaging for our Earth human activities. For example, the air is also polluted by cars and fabrics, the sail and water are polluted by deforestation and using pesticides in agraculture. So we should focus our attention on other important environmental issues, which is not such beneficial to our society. To sum it up, humas find a right balance in using damaging for our planet resources, but we should start from some more critical problems, then reducing the amount of air travel.