It is obvious that the cost of production in developing countries is getting much higher, therefore producers try to move their industries into developing countries in order to reduce the pollution costs. There are pros and cons of such methods, wich is about to be discussed in the essay. On the one hand, such option seem to be extremely beneficial, since workers in developing countries require much lower wages. The cost of living and running business in poorly developed countries are significantly low in comparison with developed countries as well. For instance, the average employee in USA or Europian countries get much higher salaries than in most African regions. Therefore for such industries which do not need intellectual resources such as cloth or cotton production, it would be the most profitable solution. Nevertheless, there also might be several problems which international companies is about to face in case they intend to set their production in developing countries. Firstly, some regions, for example Asian ones, have absolutely different working and running business habits. For example, the relationship between an employer and an employee are vary from country to country. That is why international companies will have to adopt to such conditions. If they want to success. Secondly, time is dynamic and as the economic development of a country is taking place, the salaries are about to increase as well. In this case the adventure international companies used to have may decline or disapper. The example of such phenomenon might be Singapore, which, used to have extremely low wages in 1970-s, but as time went by and the general economic situation improved, the beneficial attribute of getting business there had been last by international producers. In conclusion, the tendency of moving business to developing countries is about to decrease, since nowadays the most demanded human resources are those who use well-educated and specialists in areas they work in. as for mostly illiteral developing countries' workes, they are only able to do simple, mechanic works, wich is less demand in today's world of information and technology. Therefore moving production into such areas losts its popularity.