In the modern world with it's rapidly developing countries, companies are always is search for new, more beneficial methods and tehniks of production and distribution. One of such new inventious is locating businesses in the poorer developing countries. Clearly, there are both positive and negative effects of such innovation. In this essay advantages will be presented firstly, and afterwards disadvantages will be discussed. To start with, this innovation is undoubtly more profitable for the company. Such movement of business is usually motivated by cheaper price on labor in developing countries. That is why lots of companies prefer this way: reducing spendings salaries, they can attract these money to another fields, such as developing of production technology or better materials, which, in its term, will develop the quality of goods. Moreover, doing this way, big companies provide numerous citizens of poor countries with a job. Rapidly growing population of developing countries have an ability to earn money and to provide its kids and elders with education and good care, for example. It is known, that the richer citizens are, the reacher the economics of the country is. On the other hand, there is a back side of all these advantages. Firstable, cheap labour price means significantly low salaries. It is common that employers pay to their workers much more in developed countries, than in developing, even for the same job, which cannot be justified. In addition, workers from poor countries are, in majority, uneducated and are not interested in results of their work. That is the reason why goods, produced in such countries, are usually of a had quality. This feature can ultimately influence the popularity of a particular goods, the status of the company, as it will be concerned as a good one anymore. To sum up, I personally believe that advatanges of this business innovation outweigh the disadvantages. Thinking in a humanistic way, I am sure that the job, created this way is essentially importand for poor citizens of developing countries. Ignoring low salaries, nevertheless, they have got an ability to earn money. In the situation, whan the government or local companies cannot provide them with job, working in international company is the best possible solution for them. That is the reason why consider this development relatively good.