Nowadays, a lot of international business firms transfer their work offices and factories from developed and rich countries to developing and poor ones while employing the local citizens to work there. Of course, this has not only the visable advantages, but disadvantages, too. In the recent years a new tendency has appeared - huge companies, like Nike, Reebok and others move their businesses to undeveloped (or "developing") countries of the so-called Third World. This relocation is caused by several reasons. Firstly, doing this, the companies are running from the taxes in their native countries. It is an enormous advantage for them, as their income in the result will be even bigger, secondly, the production in the poorer countries is cheaper. Companies usually pay local workers there much less than they used to in developed countries. But for those workers this amount of money is undoubtedly bigger than they can receive if working for their local companies. Moreover, the speed of production is increasing, as workers from the Third World countries tend to produce goods much faster. A perfect example of that is Nike company. Since relocating its work offices and establishing factories in Vietnam, the amount of produced goods has increased dramatically, as the financial report said in 2014. Finally, the companies to a great thing for economies of the developing countries as the citizens became employed and taxes are being received. However, there are also some disadvantages. Like I said earlier, huge companies and firms more their businesses to poor countries in other to avoid high taxes as in those countries taxes are general lower. Thus, the economies of developed countries lose a point of the income, and it doesn't benefit the further development of some important spheres there, like health caring, industrial production, the social sphere. In addition, the quality of produced goods suffers, as the companies spend less on the production and the goods do not always match the world wide standarts. In conclusion, by moving their businesses to developing and poor countries, the international giants help develop the economics of those states. Moreover, local citizens get the jobs which also boost development of the social life sphere. However, there are some disadvantages, but they are not very important, and I believe, that advantages of transferring businesses of those firms to developing countries outweigh the possible disadvantages for sure.