Jailing is very common way to prevent crimes and a lot of people argue that crime must be reduced by making prison sentences longer. Others think that there are other ways to do this. He first way is very useful because criminals will be longer disconnected from society. So they will not have any opportunities to commit crimes. Also, if there is more hard punishment for crime, more people will prefer to live in low. For example, growing of fees for corruption of transportation rules decreases. Number of accident so it can be expected to work same for other crimes. On the other hand, increase of prison sentences has a lot of disadvantages. First of all, it can increase cost of judgment mistake. If somebody was "entombed" in jail for very longtime, he will suffer from some mental problems, loose his social skills and it can force him to be come more dangerous criminal. In addition, longer punishment more expensive. When somebody kept in prison, he doesn't do any useful work. So first way can be very hard to our economy. Alter native ways to reduce crime can solve this problems. For example, some lawbreaks can be punished by home arrest. This is more cheaper and less destructive for him. Also, government can prevent crimes by removing reasons of crime. It is no surprising, that most of criminals break the law because they do not have other choices. Most of them do not have good education. This cause their unemployment so they start to search some illegal job like robbering or drug selling. If the government take actions against unemployment, level of crimes will be reduced automatically. Also, there is very good opportunity to make some activities legal. For example, legalizing of drugselling makes a lot of criminal businesses economically unprofitable so number of crimes go down. In my opinion. Using of alter native solution of criminal problem is better because it is less harmful for prisoners. In addition, it is better in economical terms because citizens do not need to feed a lot of people on restraint.