Environment protection is a conversational issue, which generates a great deal of heated debates with supporters, who claim, that it is very necessary to abond different useless flights, while opponents suppose, that it isn't a great problem, which is provided by laws of governmnet. I somewhat agree with statement, that it is vital problem in order to solve. 
I suggest, that every person wants to live in the safety environment, takes a deep breath with clear air and other, that's why we should to do possible accomodations for its deal. Firstly, people live in a high-technical world, where we connect with different parts of the countries or continend, that's why it isn't very vital to fly by plane for conferences. For example, businessmen can discuss their problems with help of Skype. Moreover, this programme allows not only to speak with partner on the other side of screen, but also and see the person. I think it is very great and convient. Secondly, nowadays political position is dangerous and a lot of type of air travelling are damaged. Besides, these unrecognizable sutuations kill huge amount of human lifes. Although, I thinks this problem is solved by protection of local measures. For example, people, who have own deal or business, should to introduce or share with companies in this country, where live. This way allows to protect air atmosphere and own production, companies, fabricks. Thirdly, also we have other facilities to go to the university, between different towns, to spend leisure activities such as by train, by bus or by car. All of these are more safe than planes, and a lot of people are frightened by a huge amount of kilometres from the ground. 
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages. Firstly, people choose, as a way of transportation, air travelling, because it is more faster. Secondly, sometimes accidents are happined by independent conditions of you, that's why you have a little time to prevent catastrous... 
In conclusion, I'd like to say, that everybody wishes to take a clear oxygen without harmful pollutions, that's why all requirenments are needed to put in our attention, if it will br not so comfortable to us.