Undoubtedly, modern globalisation significantly affect lives of people, who try to travel nowadays. The main problem that still remains unsolved is the problem of choosing travel carrier and the way of travelling at all. Today airplanes are the most popular, and the question is: should governments introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure? 
To start with, I would like to introduce phrase: "Time is money". Businessmen do travel by plane because of its speed. Modern business demands high-speed process of decision making, so if quantity of business travels done by air, drop significantly, modern economics will suffer from so-called "braking effect", for sure. Speaking of leisure travellers' interest, I can say that most vacational destinations are situated far from those people, who can afford holiday there, so if government would take measures to reduce number of flights to tourist destinations, to tons of people would try to spend their holidays nearby their homes, which specialisation is tourist service, as Turkey, Greece, Spain and so on. 
Nevertheless, none can argue the fact that aircrafts are very environmentally "dirty" by design, because materials, which are used in airplane construction, demands huge quantity of electricity to be produced. The fact is that aluminium - the most used metal in all aircrafts, could be produced only by difficult chemical process, called electrolis, which components are water and electricity. Producing aluminium is highly environmental damaging because of it. 
In other words, air travel is innovative and high-priced way of commuting, it's extremely comfortable for those, who cares about reducing time costs, but on the other hand, the amount of pollution, which is caused by air travel industry is enormous. So in my opinion, air travel should not be put under press of bureaucracy, because that way of transport still remains unevitable factor of world economies due to it innovative structure, which involves many hi-tech companies in.