Nowadays travelling by plane becomes more and more popular among people from different corners of the world. It may be a business trip or a journey to have a rest and relax from the daily routine. 
On the other hand, there are many people who are agree that this kind of transport is very convenient. A lot of factors may prove it. First of all, travelling by plane let people minimize time spending on the road, because plane is the fastest variant among all transport. Especially it is appropriate for people who has a limit in time because their work. Secondly, businessmans cannot imagine their life without air transport, because in this case time is equal to their money. Travelling be plane gives such persons an opportunity to do business on the international level (to deal with parthners from different countries personally). At last air travelling is accepted to be the safest type of transport and that is why the majority of people choose it if they can afford. 
On the other hand, there are people who really afford governments' point of view and want to reduce the number of flights for work and leisure. Inspite of all advantages of this kind of transport, they are sure that it badly influences the environment by polluting air that can lead to the global warming. 
To some extant these people are right. Becides polluting air the plane is made of alluminium, that is not ecological metal. So, this kind of transport not only pollutes the enivironment but it is made of unusegul material. If all people imagine, what will be with our Earth, may be some persons will change their opinion and start using land transport such as trains. Or, for example, sea transport. 
To sum up, there are two points of view concerning air travel. To take in attention everything mentiones above, we can notice that pluses of this type of transport are outweight minuses. Of course, everybody shoud decide what will be better for himself. Personally, I, am sure that governments should not take laws with aim to reduce the number of air flights, because it is a normal natural development, that people try to make their life better.