Some claim that the current pattern of behaviour in contemporary families is the employment of both parents at the same time and consequently paying less attention to the kids which becomes damaging to the joint time spending. It is also a common knowledge that such pattern was not popular among the families of the past and since the outrise of the modern society the aprementioned behaviour causes various issues detrimental to the family life. First and premost, the employment of both parents is the result of the female emansipation and an increasingly speedy lifestyle. The family can now be economically stable and efficient if only having both spouses working and adding up to a joint budget. One of the possible descriptions of such a trend might be the adjustment of the micro-economic reality on the scale of a household to the social shifts which are the independency of women and the equality of rights. Considering the effects of such a trend, it is important to emphasize it's detrimental character for the kids. If women were not only responsible for bringing up the child in the past, but also being there for him at all times whether he/she needs mental or physical support, nowadays the situation has altered. Children and especially adolescents lacking family time are forced to turn to their friends for the issues once being resolved inside of the family. As a result, children tend to become self-centered, unstable and naïve, while not having the needed amount of attention from their parents. More importantly, the lack of family time also impacts parents, creating constant tension between the spouses, which is being released during family fights and puts the healthy atmosphere at home in danger. My personal stance of the problem is rather negative. Like many others I have experienced the constant work overload of my parents during the time of the childhood and I believe that under the modern circumstances it is now immensely important to make the time for your family somehow at least on the weekends not being bothered by the constantly arousing business issues The key feature here is evidently a phyciological approach due to which the families should understand the major importance of the family activities and minor importance of fulfilling carious work tasks on freetime. In conclusion, it is obvious that the times have changed and modern families do not share any kind of resemblance with the precious ones, however the only common feature of families now and then might be communication. The human interaction among the closest people. There are will never become less rewarding yet has already and will most definitely become more and more challenging.