Ecological problems, that identify as for human technological progress, are getting worse and worse everyday. Air traffic jam, nowadays, is upgrading beneficially; but our environment is suffer from it. From my point of view, air travelling should be cross down only in some private extent. I try to demonstrate this issue from economical and social sides. First of all, it is the most fastest kind of transport, a plaining flight, as no one ecological sourse could exchange it. For instance, some business negotiations, valuable meetings and international conferences are unimagibale without convinientant confortable conditions, getting to the destanation. Moreover, some post offices and express delays would have no profit, if government decide to cut down and international and domestic flights. Secoundly, people, especially in Russia, finally get access of visiting different countries all over the world. I strongly believe that an aviation has to be free for majority of people. However, dealing this issue, I suppose, that private flights could be reduce for protecting our nature and surviving climate. For example, if some rich businessmen prefer travelling by train or by car, I would save an enormous amount of fuel, that has spent for surviving only 10 people on a board. Anyway, there is an opinion that in any case flying in the sky badly effect on our environment and only way is to stop an aviation. I suppose, the problem could be solved upgrading materials, methodics of proving flights, sources of energy and other important elements that have a great harmful impact on an ecology. For instance, while planes have crashed, and such accidents happend much more frequantly than pilots expected, could fall down to the Ocean or just bump into ground. I believe, that reducing such negative effect a society and government will able to help progressing aviation and save a natural beauty of environment. All in all, technological progress brings benefits and failures for the both society and government. Nontheless, there is no sence to deny success in air traffic jam, but make all attemps to upgrade metods, how to reduce a harmful impact.