Nowadays air space is used by people a lot, especially for travelling, that leads to polluted air and progressing of global warming. It is a controvetial question whether governments have to set laws against air travelling. I completely disagree with the opinion that these laws should be introduced. 
Personally, I consider that air travel is extremely important for businessmen and people in work because of globalization people more fluent in their movements, so they can easily go to another country thanks to planes. People need it, as usually they need to get international experience, to have new practice, communicate to foreign collegues. Moreover, more and more companies became international with filials in different regions, so people cannot lose time on transport in solving company's problems and they need a high speed means of transport. 
Moreover, planes are significant transport for leisure activities. All people wish to travel and to explore new places for themselves. If it can be easily done on one materic, it would become a problem to go from Russia to America, for example. Without planes people would to travel by train, bus, ship, boat and on foot, which is both hard enough and pretty expensive. I can say with confedence that all members of my family adore to travel by planes, as it really convinient. 
Anyway, governments can introduce laws against air travelling. They can increase the prices on this type of trip and take much taxes from it. However, I strongly believed that it would be more effective if they concentrate on the problem in general and try to solve it by modernization the plants sources of energy, by making scientists to do their best on this question. 
To sum up, air travelling is an essential part of people's lives all over the world, so it would be wrong and cruel not to let them to make such trips both for work and for rest. In my opinion, governments should not close their eyes on the problem of pollution and global warming, but they should develop innovative ways to deal with it, not by sacrificing the air travelling.