Nowadays the problem of polluting and global warming is becoming more and more topical. That is why people make significant portion of contribution to searching ways to cope with existed situation. It was proven that air transport pollutes the atmosphere more noticeably than other means of transport. So then a lot of people firmly believe that governments should limit air travelling by low restrictions. As for me I totally disagree with above-mentioned view point. 
To begin with it is worth mentioning that air travelling has lots of benefits that cannot be substituted by other more or less environmnentalal friendly means of transports. First of all I would point out the time economy which is relevant to be emphasized as one of the proses of air transportation. Law restrictions aimed to limit this sphere will definitely cause more negative consequences than positive ones. Firstly it will affect the export contribution into governments budjet because such transportation of production will not be possible anymore. It will be caused by limitations of business travelling because mainly consensus concerning exported or imported production can be reachd during formal meeting located in the owner's country. Thus social level of life will fall by the reason of the absence of enough resources. Finally leisure is as much important as business because it remains level of life stable. People who have opportunity to have a rest in other country have ability to compare and afterwards they work more efficiently and increase the level of productivity. 
However there are some opposite opinions that should be taken into consideration as well. Some people are convinced that above-mentioned problems caused by air travelling limitations do not overweight the consequences of air pollution. Some of them think that we are able to challenge such inconveniences in honour of our future life. Moreover we should think about our future generations and we are responsible for their life conditions. 
But as for me future generations can be saved by lots of other ways. I have already proved that in most cases air travelling cannot be substituted. That is why we ought to consider other methods of saving environment involving the contribution of every single person. We should doubtles start the mission of saving the word from ourselves and our own habits. 
To put everything in a nutshell I would conclude that limiting air travelling is not the most profitable idea due to wide range of significant negative consequences. There is a great amount of other ways to save the environment we need to focus on.