It is common notion that we are not able to help all the people in the world that is why goevernments should concentrate on helping their citizens. I partially agree with this statement. Really, it is almost impossible to help everybody, but to try to help if you have such possibility is not so hard. 
On the one hand, I suppose that in developed countries it is possible to help citizens in order to maintain a convenient life conditions in a country and in the same time support people who need help from all around the world. Even in the states with high level of both life and social security there are people who face huge problems with home and food. However, the goverments of these countries do their best to help these people to improve their lifestyle by initiating special programms like "food for homeless" or developing special payments for them. And this is not the end. The governments of the countries like Germany, France and The USA try to help people from Africa and Asia who suffer from different diseases and do not have enough resources for living. They tend to sent doctors in such countries to fix the situation or they sent food and water to children in order to improve their life. This is great example how a government can help poor people even if they do not live in this country. 
On the other hand, I am convinced that some governments are not able to help all the people in the world. For examples, some governments of small countries do not have resources to help people who live in that country, so how should they help others? There is a great saying: "Firstly, help yourself, then think about others". That is why the main goal of such countries like Hungary, Bulgaria or Romania is to improve life conditions in their own countries but not think about all the people in the wrold. 
All in all, this is, undoubtedly, important to try to help as many people as a government can, but it is not always possible to do so. Firstly it is better to help people in your own country so as to then be able to support all the other people on the Earth