The recent survey has already shown that the more and more people nowadays tend to discuss the proporion of the earned money as well as the amount of free time and their preferances related to it. There are a lot of people who claim that it is more important to earn money and have less leisure time, whereas others still believe that it is more considerable to have less money but have more free time. Let us speculate on this controversial issue. 
It is generally considered, that the more and harder a person works, the better salary they will have. That is why it is important to devote the part of their free time to a working proccess in order to earn more money. Primarily, not only do representatives of such an opinion believe that they will be able to travel more or have better living conditions in the future but they also do think that they will have much more entertainment due to their financial status during the period of rest. For example, according to statistics, people having the great income tend to travel abroad more often than those who have lower salaries or wages. Besides, they usually choose more expensive resorts and hotels and should not worry about their expanses, enjoying different entertainments. Furthermore, a person who works harder always stay goal-oriented and try to achieve their aims on the career ladder. Consequently, they can easily get a promotion and as a result have better payment after their retirement. 
Desptite this widespread belief, there are still enough people who cast doubts on this statement. They are convienced that rarely will a person be happy if they are used to the constatnt working proccess. As a consequence of that, they are prone to various disease and problems of health caused by the lack of the time for the rest. Various research in the sphere of medicine has already proven this conviction. According to distinct polls, people who work less fell calm and almost don not struggle with stress due to its absent in their lives. On the contrary, people with a great number of working hours are used to being depressed and unhappy. Finally, a person who tries to devote more time for the rest usually has happier family because they are able to have the time with their children more frequently that other adults and bring them up in the calm atmosphere without hustle and bustle of the cities in the proccess of daily comuting. 
Taking everything into consideration, it is essential to point out that both regards should be considered on the grounds that these two points of vieth have pros and cons. Nevertheless, personally, I presume that however much many a person may earn, it is still vital to live the life in a happy way. Therefore, it is really important to deevote the free time for personal interests, self-development, family members and friends and other actifities that make a person really satisfied and content in their live. 