Nowadays there are too many architects, thier haters, followers and those, who do not think abot the building at all. Some people argue that buildings and surroundings should not be beatiful, because of thier main purpose to provide necessary facilities for people. Others think that exterior and interior are obligatory things for modern houses, offices and etc. But I strongly believe that in the modern world we can have both aspects of archeitects can suggest to us. 
Firstly, today everybody lives in stress, which strongly connected with his or her doings. We go to work, school, university and a huge part of this time we are annoyed. For people, living in foggy cities like Moscow, London and others, architecture is very important. It helps to avoid stressful situations. Maybe, that is why we are impressed of it here. And a person with bad mood is going to have a great one for the next part of the day. That is the first reason why buildings, which look like a piece of art are so important to people. Secondly, it is known that people cannot live without art. They always want to show their emotions and fillings. And art is the best way to present them to others. We listen to music, watch films, visit gallaries and museums and we want to feel it everywhere. So, well-planed architecture can do the same things with our minds. I personally think, that it can provide us not only serving oprions, it can be something like music or films and express our thoughts. 
On the other hand, sometimes architechts, trying to create something totally new, start to make projects of buildigs, which are gougreous, but they have no opportinities to serve for someone. There are too many wonderful houses in the streets of the cities, but people understand that they cannot live or work there. Becuse sometimes the willing of architechts to create a good buildings looks like misunderstanding the situation in the cities. A huge amount of people do not like it. 
To conclude, if architects can create a mix of beuaty and functionality, there works are going to become the best the world have ever seen. But, unfortunately, as much as they trying to impress people as much ordinary citizens get wonderful empry boxes, where there cannot to do their ordinary things. I hope, profecionals can find a way to fix this problem. 