Nowadays, we live in an increasingly developing society where globalisation plays a more vital role than ever. Due to this fact, governments all over the world tend to engage into international activities and help other countries if they are in need. This issue has recently risen loads of dispites as the citizens are not always agree with such a policy and want all the attention to be inclined to their motherland only. Nevertheless, from my perspective, the policy of helping others is the only one possible as well as the most ptofitable. 
First of all, when one country helps the other it fosters their relationships. It is undeniable that if a country salvage the other from the lack of food or other supplies, in the future it will feel gratitude and pay off, that cannot but contribute to making the bond between them closer. Furthermore, at the backdrop of cold-blooded war it wil break the political equilibrium. In this regard, frequently more developed countries are prone to seize the territory of poorer ones. In this case it may turn into intervention, if the other countries are reluctant to interdefere. Finally, other countries are to receive help in terms of the overall prosperity of the humanity. It is evidently that if the ruling elite does not comprehend the importance of every human being, it will lead to further massacres and totalitarism within the country itself. 
However, some people still are not adherent to such a viewpoint. They claim that we can run out of resources while providing others with them. As the matter of budget is concerned, I am still convinced if it is obtained legally and properly, there will be no problems to recapitulate it again. Besides, there are a lot of racism activists fighting against globalism. But I am sure they should be more conscious in terms of their beliefs as nobody is protected from imposing sanctions. 
Taking evetything into account, I strongly believe that the government should maintain a right balance between supplying their country and helping others because these days it is of utmost importance to keep close relationships at least on the premise of the whole world well-being which is impossible without every member's contribution. 