There is a widespread belief that building should firstly serve to its goal and then has a beautiful design, so architects should only construct buildings for a concrete purpose and not think about works of art. In my opinion, it is also significant to build beautiful and impresssive constructions, so this essay will disagree with these statements. 
First of all, most people need places to visit, and there is a vital concern for any government to make all for their citizens and give a freedom to artists. For instance, some government's buildings like hospitals, justice palaces, banks are not so impressive that is why people might not enjoy looking at them, and also they do not give a freedom for architects to create what they want. Therefore, in any country there are modern shopping centres, contemporary office centres and just beautiful buildings which not only serve to their purposes, but also appeal people to visit them. This leads to a positive atmosphere in the city, and also give an opportunity for architects to create. 
Secondly, the architecture of a city is very important issue in a sense of developing national culture and tourism. Usually, the most attractive feature of a country is its beauty. This beauty is often connected with architecture style of a country, so if the government is interested in appealing tourists and wants to make the cultural history of the city, the should invest money in creation of beautiful buildings as in construuction buildings with only purpose. 
However, some people suggest differently. They suppose that beautiful buildings without concrete purpose is a waste of money, while a city is needed in buildings with relevant goals which has a positive impact on the city. As for me, it is significant to build both types of buildings, but I am convinced that it is possible to make a building modern and stylish, and in the same time important for government. 
To sum up, both types of buildings are significant, but in my opinion it is impossible to exclude beauty in architecture and that is why it is vital to develop both of them. Only this approach will lead to a normal ratio between culture and beauty and architectural needs of any city. 