In this day and age, the question of time is rather crucial. Some people prefer to sacrifice their time performing some tasks at their workplaces and, subsequently, getting high income. Nevertheless, some people are sure that it is more significant not to spend much time in the office room and, consequently, earn less rather than waste one's freedom. In this essay I would like to analyse both points of view. 
On the one hand, it is absolutely good when a person spends time on work. Firstly, the more time an employee spends at his or her workplace, the higher his or her income. For instance, such a "worckaholic"-like approach may raise not only a general income but a social status. Consequently, it can give more previlages in life. Secondly, the harder an employee works, the more he or she maximises her personal potentials. It is believed, that an extensive experience broads one's horizons. Therefore, sleepless nights and hard work may finally help a person to find out his or her strenghths and weaknesses. Subsequently, there will be a choice: more job opportunities for career prospects will be available. 
On the other hand, the lack of spare time may turn out a catastrophe in the end. It is well-known experience when clerks work a lot to get more money in the end of a month. Unfortunately, do they little know about real happiness. First of all, free time makes people develop spiritually. For example, when we have more time for ourselves, it is possible to focus on so-called inner-world: do sports, read books, travel and get acquainted with others. Secondly, spare time is a brilliant way to concentrate on the things that are truly valuable: family and home. Those who spends most part of their life in the office are surely awared about how little time do they have for these things. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that time is actually a precious resources. Nonetheless, a person is still to find a way how to achieve the golden middle: to have enough time for things one loves and earn enough to be happy. 