We live in the world where everything is different. We have a huge variety of cultures, ethnicities, languages and, of course, different problems which is complicated to solve even for the local government. How it is possible to solve problems in our modern world? Is it necessary to help others or we should concentrate in our own issues. 
First of all, let us have a look at the side of globalists. They claimed that we live in the global village and we should help and protect each other, because most of problems of the developing countries was made by more powerful ones and it is neccesary to help them protect economical sphere and provide education and food. Secondly, it is important to mention that most of countries were isolated for many years, Russia or Cuba, for example. Now these countries have huge problems with corruption, a view on a right urbanisation of cities, issues with freedom of speech, judical sphere and have a low quality of life. And most of western countries just doing nothing with that issue instead of showing how it supposed to be in modern world, especially when most of these countries have an opportunity to provide an example how it supposed to be. 
On the opposite side of it, there are antiglobalists who believe that government should think about their own nation and then they are trying to help others, they can break the traditions, boundaries and their own feeling of identity. Moreover, powerful people not always have a good intentions, so it means that they do not want to solve problems, they just want to gain more money and power. And it is usually causes of fatalities and massacres, even more they can overthrow a president for sake of nothing and choose a person who will play by rules of their government. 
In conclusion, it is important to say that when a country in need they will ask for a help, if not, it is better not to insist, because the consequences can be dramatically dangerous not only for this country and also for the rest of the world. To be neutral means to be overprotective for your own country and for all of humanity. 