In our modern world we have a tendency of dedicating our free time mostly on work than on resting. According to this statement there were formed two different opinions. A lot of people give a huge priority to earn money, that is why they dediacte themselves only to their career, while other think mostly about their usual(private)life than about their job. 
On the one hand, it is obvious that a person cannot live without money. Hovewer, there is a huge difference between "necessary amount of money". Such people who always try to earn more and more money see an opportunity to his or her future life in getting various things. Firstly, according to the statistic, modern population get a lot of satisfaction from their work, because they could allow everything for themselves. The key is people can buy happiness with the help of money. Secondly, the psychologiacal problem, when person make practical steps in case of achieving more results and getting a new status at the workplace. He or she are affected by the desire to earn more money and gain new goal - it's some kind of a competition with yourself. 
On the other hand, people sweep away the "work boudaries" and think more about the real feelings. Such individuals, who prefer to have more free time admit their personal growth. They claim that this time is a huge possibility to many things, for example, to relax, communicate or go outside with your frieds and family, to explore new things. One more feature is the simple style of life when small things bring you smile. The reason is that person understand that work hasn't got a huge significance in the life - it is changable but you always should be yourself in various situation. 
In conclusion, I believe that it is the best decision to stop for a moment and think about your preferences in life. I hope that you will understand that the majoruty of thing that you are doing don't bring the real happines. One famous writer once said that "money destroy our willings and thoughts" and I absolutey agree with him, because while you are having a free time you are growing as an individual and money race is a bad habit, which can broke individual in your mind. 