Some people say, that buildings do not need to be beautiful, and should only really serve their purpose. In their opinion, architects must worry more about the functionality of their work, than about creating art. 
I do not entirely agree with this opinion. Architecture is an ancient form of art, which, in my opinion, exists on both functionality and beauty. The best architecture can serve it's purpose proficiently while being aestetically pleasing. 
People, who argue against architecture needing to be artful are, most likely, of technical mindset. That can be understood, they see the world as a mechanism that should, before everything else, work properly. But buildings are not simply constructions to be used. They also shape our environment. I think, that it is just as imortant of a function as protecting people from the weather. Architecture of the cities we live in is our habitate, and it influences our life a lot. For example, just as any art, it can inspire people to live a better life. As far as I know, better living conditions (which include better looking) encourages culture level to rise. If our buildings and cities that are made up of them did nothing but serve their purpose, our society would be the same. 
On the other hand, some might talk about architecture that is over-the-top, like constructions, that are made specifically to be art. There are many of such kind, that don't have a functional purpose at all. But, in my mind, such things are great contributions to our society as well. Architects are artists after all, they also express themselves in their work. Of course, there still should be balance between beauty and functionality. It is what makes architecture such a great form of art, in my opinion, you have to be able to make something that both pleases the eye and is actually useful to be a real architect. 
In conclusion, I'd like to say, that nowadays architecture has many aspects that are not very obvious to an ordinary person. Architects have to account for a great amount of details when working on their projects: from making their creation simply usable for people, to placing it in an environment in such a way where it would be beautful and organic with it's surroundings. 