There is an opinion that a building must be functional and its attractiveness may be neglected. I mostly disagree with this state. 
On the one hand, it is logical when architecture creates something beautiful. Architecture permanently surrounds people in the modern world. Many people live in cities where houses are everywhere. There are such tremendous and overcrowded citites that can have almost no natural elements in the whole. For instance, everyone knows that New York might remind of a city that consists only of skyscrapers, of stone. The only green area in this city is the Central Park. Therefore, citizens there have to look at different buildings every day. For this reason, architecture helps people to vary their lives, to make it more colourful. 
Moreover, it assists everybody to avoid psychological problems. If a person is always in similar surroundings, they will suffer because of monotonous environment and are able to become at least depressed. 
On the other hand, a building first of all must be functional and comfortable. Sometimes architects forget about people's conditions and make something that spoils person's life. For example, in my flat there is a big room with one more window in the corner. This decision of architecture spoils my life as causes bigger fees for heating and the possibility of catching cold. So people must remember about the main fuction of the building. It should serve people, not to make harm and discomfort. 
However, I am still convinced that architecture is an art. It makes cities unique and is a part of culture and history. It is very significant sphere of art that is close to painting, music or sculpture. It represents a ceratin town or the broadmind of the whole nation. For instance, foreigners know the Moscow State University and Moscow city. They always recognise the city on the pictures and admire it. 
Taking everything into consideration, I would like to say that it is necessary for achitecture to serve people but the appearance of the building cannot be generally neglected in favour of the comfort. People only benefit from beautiful environment. 