Nowadays the question of the balance between the time spent on the earning money and leisure is actual like never. This essy will discuss the issue explaining the reasons and giving the ground for both types of people. 
On the one hand, whether a person dedicates all the time to work or to the leisure mostly depends on his/her family status as those who have families are more likely to have a stable financial situation and the time at work would not change the situation dramatically. What is more, their interests are not at reaching goals in that very domain but to maintain the family in all senses of the word and solving family problems instdead of those that are about career. The greater amount of money would not signify a victory for them as it will definitely lead to a certain loss of contact with their family. The thing is that the question of budget and the lidestyle is foreseen in family and doesn't have drastic fluctuations during the time. 
On the other hand, numerous are those who are just not able to lose their time doing a domestic routine losing money; such type of a person would probably die working instead of surviving a stagnation having free time. Moreover, we are now living in capitalism society and the idea of working and earning might seem to be a dominant one, that is the reason for forgetting the leisure as it would not satisfy a modern man. All of us are dreaming of a luxurious life in which we can doing what we want, for instance go for vacations full of various activities and fun that by now requires great amounts of money; that is the factor which pushes us killing years attempting our goals dying of fatigue. The lide of such a person is equal to a challenge and struggling but not to calm life without plenty of events. The thing is that is just a way to get satisfaction from the life and to have an explanation for yourself what takes your time, what occupies your life
In my opinion, it is essential to find an affaire that will in the same time be your hobby and you will not actually need to struggle at work but simply profit this life. The imbalance between doing what you must and what you want leads to choosing between leisure and prosperity. That is reinforced by the fact that businessmen are the happiest people among all other professions as they choose what to do and how much they will earn. Not being afraid of stagnation giving themselves some time to think and make decisions is primordial for them, their principle is not to work much but in an efficient way. 
Finally, the key factor is the level of our hapiness as only this actually matters in the end. Whether you get the satisfaction of life indipendently on your budget or the money are the central issue of your life and you even unable to imagine the life without challenging work only at what degree you get happy from it plays a significant role. 