Some people say that the family is the most powerful influence in any child's life. Other people say that it is influences from outside the home that play a bigger part in a child's development. 
There is a popular belief that children are most of all influenced by the family they grow up in. Another opinion points out that the most powerful influence comes from the outside of the family. 
I favour those who think that child's development is mostly affected by his or her family. My own experience in communication with different kinds of people tells me that it is fair enough and the way parents behave themselves, the more possible the child will behave like that in the adulthood. For instance, I've had communication experience with lost people who do not have any aims in life and call their life an existance, they usually do not have any specific talents and ambitions. If to look at their families it is usually seen that parents of those kids are unsuccessful themselves, agressive in the way they make their children' behaviour and do not give much care to their children' life. One other reason I can provide is that due to the statistics parents' early marriages' children tend to grow up not being successfull. This might appear in the fact that when a person is very young, he or she do not have a clue in how to raise children so that they do it their own way and often turn out to be careless and irresponsible parents. In this way we can surely point out the parents' influence on children rather then outside world's one. 
The other people's opinion however has its point. Indeed there are some exeptions in which children of unwell parents turn out to be grow up as successful individuals, who had a duty of their own, a stable income and permanent partners. I myself have met those kinds of people, who rebel their families no matter what, who do not lose hope ever, who would do everything and do everything to achieve their goals in life no matter whatfamily they come from. This might be affected by outside communication experiences and their own wants and needs, but might not. We can't provide a statistics here. 
In conclusion, it surely matters what family one comes from, but at the end of the day one should not pay attention to only this very specific matter. 