The role of family in a child's upbringing is undoubtedly big, as it is the main environment most of the people encounter from their first days. However, some argue that this stance downplays the role of all the outside factors, which can change quite a lot in anyone's personality and are out of the family's control. Personally, I believe that the proportion of these two parts in people's lives can vary and there is no need to exlude any of the two from consideration. 
Family is where and with whom a person spends most of their time during first years of their life, which is the most important formational stage in human development. Those early experiences usually stay with people for their whole lives, so no matter how and where they end up, the influence of the family is usually still perceptible in both big and small decisions, like a career choice, hobbies that were common within the family circle, or simply small traditions and habits they pick up and recreate in their own homes. It is not the only environment that a child learns from, but it is surely affects people a lot, both negatively in cases of neglect that cause lasting emotional consequences and positively with caring and supportive upbringing style that establishes a foundation for personal satisfaction. 
Nevertheless, everyone meets people and lives through experiences that change and influense them from early age, as soon as they first leave home to go to kindergarten or school, socialize with anybody outside the close family circle and find what inspires and interests them personally. Sometimes children can have lifestyles and outlooks different from their parents', choose education and career path different than expected in the family, not to mention varying leisure activities. Such outcome is completely normal too, as people learn and pick things up from an unrestricted number of settings, and socialization and personal boundaries are important for healthy development, so it would be impossible to only get influenced by family members and shut the outside world out. External factors can play a part as big as home because children cannot be clones of their parents and will naturally interact with many environments. 
To sum up, both early home upbringing and later outside experiences will naturally contribute to a child's development in normal circumstances, and different personalities that emerge within families suggest that home environment cannot be the only thing affecting a person as they grow and learn. 