There is one controversary question about what kind of influence affected the person in their childhood the most. Some people think, that the main effect is provided by family, while the other think that the child mostly affected by a things from the outside world. 
First of all, no one can disagree that child's first friends are his family and relatives. Children get their genes and main characteristics from parents and in the beginning of baby's life they spend a majour amount of time together. Furtermore, parenting is all about affecting and raising the child from your own point of view. Only parents can decide, how to teach their child basic knowledge about morality and behaviour. They are mentors and teachers, who can push you and make you do things, even which you do not want to. 
On the contrary, there is a few arguments for the opposite point of view. Even though child get basic skills and way of thinking from their parents, he or she is free to change this way of life. Many children and mostly teenagers have a pattern to disagree with their parents and to pick up their own interests. Additionally, they get affected by their peers and friends, who could be extremely insisting. For example, when there is a disagreement ot misunderstanding between parents and the person, first people, who the child will want to talk to, are his or her friends. 
In my opinion, the child or teenager should decide, what kind of person he will be in the future, not their parents. I truly believe, that even though somebody lives his parents, he cannot ignore the original part of his personaluty. Teachers, friends, classmates, they all have a bigger influence than the family. However, I do not underestimate the family's affection, but I am positive, that this affection works only in the beginning of adaptation. Every person adaptates with society and should bring some qualities and skills from there. Parents cannot teach their child everything, because he will not want them to. Family is a person's comfort zone and development could be only when you are outside of it. 
To summarize, only a person decides, whether he will be affected or not. Although all kind of people the person communicates with have an opportunity to put their opinion and veiws instead of another, this information is mostly accepted, when it is not coming from your relatives. 