Nowadays lots of buildings are produced to be more works of art than to serve its actual purpose. 
Obviously with new technologies it is way more simple to construct a more difficult types of buildings -- an opportiunity which seduces a number of architects who start to produce not houses but works of art. But it is important to not get carried away because buildings have to be functional and sharpen for a personaal needs of people who'll live or work there. First of all it is a question of comfort. Since lots of buildings are supposed to be living appartment they have to serve to needs of people. For example, there has to be enough space and light which can be blocked with elements of decour on an artistic buildings. Sekond arguments for functionlity would be a state of whole construction. While simple buildings might be more premetive but more stable in a long-term perspective, a piece of art house can be a twisted and assimetrical construction which will destroy itself with its own weight. 
On the other hand more interesting buildings are a better sight for an eye. Walking down the street and seeing identical houses as they were, for example, in USSR in past century might be quite disappointing and even depressing. And even with all buildings being easy to tell apart it it always a nice suprise to see an unexpected design with unusual decorationes on top of the roof, for instance. 
Simultaniously, it is quite clear that all people are different in their views in terms of beauty. What can be seen as marvelous by one might be hated by another. Famous spanish architect Antoni Gaudi is claimed to be one of the best architects in the world with his works praised by lots of trustworthy critics but there always will be people who'll find flaws and disadvantages in any work and personally I never found either one of his buildings an enjoyble sight. 
In conclusion I can only say that while actual purposes of a building suppose to be an architect's priority, adding a little bit of creativity and imagination can never hurt unil it's thought through. 