It is not a secret that upbringing of a child is a very complicated process and requires a lot of effort from the people around. Some people claim that family is the only social group that matters, while others are sure that everything outside the home also has a very serious impact on child's understanding of the world and overall development. 
Without any doubt, family plays a huge role in child's life. Exactly from his parents a little girl or a boy finds out how this world works. Children are prone to copy their parents' behavior, manner of speach and even appearance. The girls usually want to be as beautifil as their mothers are, boys often want as strong as their fathers are. So, firstly, the toddlers spend the vast majority of their day with their mothers. It is no wonder that exactly her pattern of life is ideal for them during these years. Growing up, children often ask for help and advise because exactly their family (in their opinion) knows who to deal with all the problems of this cruel world. Moreover, parents themselves want to give their children all their knowledge share their experience and just to teach them the things that they cosider as crucial ones. It also proves the fact that family is the superior power for the children. 
However, we can find the other opinion. A lot of people believe that family may play an important part in children's lives, but it cannot be denied that the outside world also has an influence on the youngest generations. It explains a lot of things that the children do unlike their parents. To begin with, when children enter the kindergarten or even school, they start communicating with other children and teachers. Of course it plays quite an important role in the way the child sees the world. Teachers always want to influence child's mindset as much, as the children simply do not have any other option. Furthermore, the children who have just started the communication with new people, create their own habits, manners and types of behavior. With the children of the same age the children act not in the same way that they do with their parents. Practise makes perfect, and certainly this practise of communication with new people prepares the children for future life and must be taken into a count. 
In conclusion it is crucial to mention that both - relatives and people outside home influence the personality of a person. As far as I am concerned, family is still the most powerful force in child's life because only they are able to convince the children what is good and is not, what is appropriate and is not. Social interaction with other people of course plays an important role in children's upbringing, but the child starts communicating when he had already acquired the basic rules of behavior and manners. That is why any of these two brunches of social life should be kept in mind while bringing up your child. 