Nowadays people all over the world are seeking for something right precisley to themselves, they may be trying to find their places in life, their destiny, that is closly connected with the question of being provided with needed things, such as even money, that is why there are people who are prone to spend much more time working and gaining more money from it, but at the same time there are those who are more likely to reduce the time of being buzy for the sake of having more spare time and even less money. In this essay i will try to cover several number of points and discuss both views, explain whether i support the first group of people or the second one. 
To begin with, many people tend to turn themselves into workaholic due to the desire of getting more money because they believe that if you have enough money, they will be able to face and resolve any problem. In other words, those who aspire to work as much as their physical and mental health allows, freely to say, that they would be able to pay for anything that makes them feel uncomfortable. For instance, any time a person turns into a patient in the hospital, he or she would have to provide him/herself with the needed medical treatment, of course the paid one, it may be either the insurance or an additional sum of money. Moreover, people are likely to earn more money and restrict their free time due to their own beliefs and features of character. So, to be more precise, it means that some people do work and earn money, for instance, to follow the expectations of their parents, it is worth saying that this phenomenon usually roots into the moments of bringing up, when parents used to force to work harder and to achieve more and more goals, or to follow their own dreams about buying and building their own house with all the things they have been dreaming before. 
On the other hand, there are people who are unlikely to waste their time being a simple worker who spends his entire life sitting in the office, the point is that such people really focus their attention on the idea of being happy now without stacks of money. In other words, they aspire to pay their attetion on catching and living the best life right at the moment, they do not set earning money as the top priority. In addition to this, many people freey explain that hard working and, surely, obtaining money as a result, may make them suffer in various ways. At least, the mental health is taken as point, people prefer to have more rest due to their necessity of feeling content and being in harmony with themselves, so it means having more leisure time and less denoting to the work. 
To conclude, I would like to say that both views have a right to exist, the ones who denote their life to work and money and others who tend to relax more and have less money, but talking about my opinion, i can expressly point out that i do consider a golden-middle to be the most rational variant, by this i mean working as much as your health and emotional condition allows, people will always get what they want if they really aspire, maybe it would need some time, but people should never forget about themselves and their harmony between the soul and body. 