There is a tendency to work more and this will bring you a lot of money, whereas people could not invest the time in things that they appreciate. However, there are some people that prefer to have more free time to spend it on themselves, but in this case they do not have a huge amount of money. In this essay I am going to pose these two views and give my own opinion. 
To begin with, work a lot provides a lot of capabilities. First of all, work assists people develop themselves and achieve something more than money. To cite an example, due to sacrifactions people could spend earning money on something like to have a trip and relax in any island, or to skill themselves in any spheres, to try something that could not be envisaged by people who just prefer to spare time and do nothing. Nevertheless, this desire to work could not provide good results. To be more precise, a lot of people destroy themselves and they really die earlier. Or even there is examples, when they lost the human inside, because money does not always have this opportunity to heal mental illnesses and stress. 
Reffuring to another opinion, free time has a lot as drawbacks as pluses. Firstly, I would like to point out, that money could not always cope all problems and sometimes you need to invest the time to some things, that could not be achieved by them. Moreover, humans are social species and we always need to be with friends and family and this service would cost nothing. Simply put, people should not forget about their relatives or close friends, as provide them as much time as you can. Besides, people can find some hobbies in a free time that does not cost so much to develop themselves. For example, you can buy books and learn languages, mathematics and so on. 
Having everything into consideration, it is difficult to find a balance between a need of money and free time, as it is broadly thought you should sacrifice something. In my opinion, I reckon, we should do our duties to earn much money, but it could not takes all your free time. People need to learn how to cope with this challenge and this will lead them to a happy life. 