At all times there is a huge debate around a very crucial issue if the family is the most prominent institute of social life, which controls and influences children's life or wherether the nurture of them is left to their friends and outside life. I would like to discuss both points of view. 
On the one hand, a huge majority of people consider family as the most powerful and crucial part of the society, which gives nurture to children and has a direct influence on them. Indeed, being the family, our parents are more likely to transfer their knowledge and experience to us. So, there is a tendency that children not only look like their parents and family members, but also behave the same way. Also, sometimes our families are the only once who we can trust, so many children ask them for different advices and ways how to respond and act in a great variety of situations. So, having been given a piece of advice, they will absolutely follow it. 
On the other hand, a lot of people also strongly believe that children's friends, school or just street have more influence on them due to the number of reasons. Firstly, growing up, a lot of children tend to be afraid of their parents and even to lie to them. One possible reason for it is a fear of not being understood. So, in such cases children are likely to ask for help or a piece of advice from their friends, who are of the same age as they are and will definitely understand. What is more, usually children spend the most part of their free time outside the home, so it can be just natural that their friends have more influence on them. 
In conclusion, I would like to point out once again that it is a very controversial question. However, I presume that family is the most powerful institute of our social life, that havs a huge impact on any child's life. Actually, inspite of being the most powerful, family members are also the most caring ones, so they always wish only the best for their children. Thereby, children tend to be closer to their parents than to anyone else. 