The issue of upbringing has always been a much discussed one. It is natural that I can raise a question: is the family a crucial force that shapes a person's life or is it just one of the minor forces? I think that it is the family that is the most essential. 
Firstly, in an overwhelming majority of societies - including the Western ones - a child spends, like, their first 6 years mostly with their families. Only after that time children are exposed to a big amount of communication with their mates. Still, they spend the rest of the day with their families and it is not before college that the students start to move out of their parents' houses. To sum it up, the kids communicate with their families for most of the time for 16 years straight, and that is the main argument showing the significance of the family. 
On the other hand, the 20th century has brought many modern institutions partly substituting family, such as kindergardens and boarding schools, as well as summer schools and so on. It is also likely to happen that the parents spend less time with their child than they spend on work and shopping. There are inevitable procceses that affect the care that a family can give to a child, such as rising numbers of single parents or a tendency to value career over family. 
Though there are some serious problems described earlier. I do not think that the institution of family is of a small importance. Take the process of the first language acquisition. The first language of a person is called a "mother tongue" for a reason - because it is acquired in a family. The same goes with most of the behavioural characteristics of a child, which are acquired before the age of, say, 6 - which is often reffered to as "the critical age". Before that age the children almost exclusively communicate with their families. 
To sum everything up, regardless of the recent processes which change the concept of the family, I still believe that it is the most important part of the child's upbringing. 