What is more important for a child's developement: the family or an outside influence? Some people believe that it is the parents that have the greatest impact on their child, while others argue that the social environment can be even more essential for a balanced developement. The topic seems to be interesting to discuss. 
Undoubtedly, it is right that external influences play a significant role in any person's life. TO begin with, a human being as a high-functioning social creature tends to cooperate with people outside the family. Every kid or teenager one day will have to leave his or her private family community and learn to listen to other authorities, such as teachers or friends. There is a small chance that they would be able to resist new advice or opinions as well as their parents', at least because the child spends more time with those new people. Moreover, all the children want to be admired and loved by the society, so that they try to follow their new company, even if the trends contradict to the family traditions. In addition, friends seem to be more important for the teenagers, as they are of the same age and are easier to share ideas with. 
Despite all mentioned above, I cannot fully agree with that point of view, as I believe that the values brought up in the family would not be replaced by the community. Clearly, it is up to each person to decide which friends to follow and which goals to take, and it is exactly the family that first teach the child to choose right. Besides, the early age education at the infancy has a greater impact on the human nature and character. Finally, there are a number of relevant examples when a person gets to an unwanted environment, but remains self-confident and does not take up the wrong way. 
In conclusion, it is correct to say that both the world and the family influence a child's life, and it is difficult to imagine a well-balanced development without any of these part. However, the family helps to form an initial point of view on general subjects, according to which the child would lead his or her own adult life, listening or ignoring recommendations from the community. 