Some people say that the family is the most powerful influence in any child’s life. Other people say that it is influences from outside the home that play a bigger part in a child’s development. 
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion. 
Our world has been changing all the time and every new generation is brought up differently. Every child is born in different families, with various values and beliefs, forming his own sight on the world and getting use to societies around him. There is a question which has been debated among different scientists and experts: what type of society, family or those who are from outside the home, has a big impact on the child's real and future life? Most of us would say that everything what is outside can realy have an effect of changing a child as a person. However,I personally see the biggest influence of parents on the child, so let's try to explain, whether opinion is closer to the truth. 
On the one hand, the "outside" society which friends, classmates, teachers are reffered to, has a great impact on the child's behavoir. It can be explained by the fact that most of the child's time is spent outside: at school, or in the streets, playng with his friends, or at any house of culture. The childhood is the learning process of becoming a person and a human: being a child, he learns from those who is around him and most people are sure that his lifetime mostly revolves around his friends and pupils. 
On the other hand, the family is a major society to bring up his child. All his qualities, his behavoir, his temper people will examine on the basis of his relatives, parents to be exact. For example, if a child's reaction will be rude, as it may seem to other people, everybody will refer his behavoir to his parents who did not teach him how to show himslf in a good way. 
All in all, it has to be said that society plays an important part in a child's life. Wherever he goes, wherever he lives, everyone he meets will give him something new from his character, whether this person is a member of his family or not. However, family should be taken as the first society to bring a child up. 