There has been a lot of discussion on the issue of governmental obligations recently. Some people consider governments of all the countries to be responsible for wellbeing of the whole humanity, while others believe that states should be concerned only about their own people. However, I suppose that while taking care of the citizens of a country is the number one responsibility of any government, it is still crucial to make contributions to global peace, especially in terms of economy and medicine. 
One of the major reasons for any country to help other states is to create strong political bonds with them. If there is an advantage in cooperating with other country, either commercially or culturally, it will be inconvenient to start a war with this nation or to put any kind of restrictions or sanctions on it. That is why a help in a form of lower prices on a particular good, for instance, which is important for the development of another country can play a significant part in international relationships, benefiting the both countries. After all, the better the economy the less the number of poor people in the country. 
Relationships in a field of science can appear to be one of the reasons for countries to help each other, especially when the states colloborate to study medicine. African contries are famous for severe diseases, which kill hundreds or even thousands of people annually. If the rest of the world doesn't unite its forces to find the cure, these illnesses can put at risk all the human race. What is more, medical sphere needs improvement not only locally, but on a global scale: treatment from cancer still hasn't been found. Countries of the whole world need to help each other in order to prevent the expansion of these diseases globally. 
Taking everything into consideration, government of all the countries have to help other countries' citizens to deal with their problems in order to prevent the same issues in their own lands. I am strongly concerned that states should cooperate so as to convey medical researches and trade with one another. 