In modern world, there is a huge variety of problems and people need to tackle them. Concerning the major problems, it is a jurisdiction of government to cooperatively find solutions. However, there is a heating debate on a topic whether government should try to help people only in their country or all around the world. To my mind, countries and people should help each other in order to achieve more progress and satisfaction, and there are several reasons for that. 
First of all, implications of globalization have lead us to the concept of cosmopolitan citizens. In other words, people now tend to travel a lot or even repatriate to other countries. That is why, countries need to cooperate in order to prevent negative impacts of such actions. For instance, due to the assistance of foreign ministers with documents people may find a well-paid job and have an opportunity to rent an apartment, so they will not be struggling to find a place to stay. 
Second of all, that is the reason that allows science and technology in the 21st century to evolve in an extremely fast way. Precisely, that happens mostly because pundits from different countries share their knowledge and work together. Moreover, with the help of various developments and various mindsets people combine the most useful characteristics and create products, which assist to the whole humanity. For example, international technological and educational centers, like Skolkovo in Moscow, hire scientists from Japan, India, the UK etc. to shed light on some things that are not yet known in Russia. 
To sum up, it is a well-known fact that humanity is now struggling with solutions for a huge number of modern-world issues. However, government should not only fight with the problems of their citizens, but try to cooperate with the rest of the world. There are at least two vital reasons for that: people nowadays are more likely to be cosmopolitans rather that citizens of a certain country, and this approach helps science and technologies evolve. Overall, this is a vital problem which needs to be examined and discussed. 