The question about how important for buildings to look beautiful have always been important and interesting for discussion. Some people belive that it is more important for architects to make buildings that will serve its purpose than buildings that will look beautiful and that could become the works of art. 
As for me, I literally cannot agree with such opinion. I agree with other people, who are belive that buildings could be not only gray and boring, because architects are artists, but they also know all technologies to make a usefull building, that will stay for a long time and that will serve its purpose. There are some reasons to agree with this opinion. 
First of all, beautiful buildings in the cities could become important and interesting places for tourists. Also if you see colourful and interesting buildings, you will be happier, than if you see both things every day. It will be boring if you will live in the permanent same colour and design. 
Also I think that it is really important for architects to be not only people who need to make a good building for using, but they also want to be artists. I think that they want to make our life better and more colourful. 
Overall, ofcource it is really important for buildins to srve its purpose and to be good incide, but it also really imporant for people, what they see outside, in the daily routine on the streets. I belive that architects need to make buildings that could look like works of art. Maybie it is cheaper to produce a building that will not look beautiful, but if everyone will think so, will we have such a beautiful cities like St.Petersburg, or Moscow? I think this sities without beautiful buildings will look dead, or nacked, if it is impossible to imagine such a beautiful plases without interesting architecture. 
Thanks for architects, that makes beautiful building we can live and see every day the works of arts and i think that people, who think that for buildings is more important to serve its purpose than to look interesting and beautiful are not right. 