By some it is believed that a building does not have to be beautiful, it is only supposed to be functional. However, others think architects should use buildings as an opportunity to show their creativity and artistic talent. This essay agrees with the second point of view, since art also helps social life and such forms of it cannot be excluded and it does not deprive buildings of their functionality, so there is no reason to avoid it. 
To begin with, art affects lives of people in many forms. It can help them socialise then they see an art piece and discuss it, in can inspire and help one create something outstandig and add new ideas to a current state of culture. Moreover, it makes people think, develops their minds and makes them stronger individuals, which is of great importance for the development of any country and its culture. However, now galleries, museums, theaters are visited rarely, because there is no time for them. An art piece in the street is an amazing alternative, a combination of function of a building and effects of art in one is even better. Furthermore, not making streets outstanding equals to not giving a human mind a chance to thrive, which might be good for totalitarian government as shown in '1984', but makes no sense for a developing country, which wants to see its citizens in science or in politics. 
It might also be poited out that there is no reason in fighting with something which does not bring harm. Cancer is deadly, therefore, cure for it is needed, however, there are illnesses human body does not even react to, so that makes them not the first thing on the list of problems to deal with. The same applies to architecture. If the building serves its purpose, but is also beautiful, it is not a problem. If it is only functional, the question will not even appear. If it is only a work of art, it either will not be classified as a building, or will not appear at all. There is nothing wrong in trying to make the world remember your work and your impact and that is why architects worry about making their biuldings look good. 
All in all, the argument is pointless, even though it exists. One group sees no issue in combining beauty and function, the opposing one considers it to be bad. The first one seems to be more reasonable, since art is useful and is not harmful. 