Although nowadays there is an opinion that it is not an essential purpose for builings to look beautiful, I strongly believe that at least some of the cities' surrounings should be considered and made as the works of art. 
The first fact that definitely ought to be indicated is the long history of the profession of the architect. What is important, the architects mainly combined their skills of drawing plans of the building with the sculpturing. Those two skills are standing very close to each other, which proves the art beginnig of the architecture. In the modern world nothing has really changed. The work of projecting houses has undoubtedly become more technical and organised, but it does not reduce the creative side of this job. As a result, the part of the soul that architects put in their projects are obsereved by millions of people. Builings become a piece of inspiration for many of those people. Moreover, unordinary buildings identify our favourite cities and make the idea of travelling around the globe thrilling to many of us. Without those unuasul and beautiful places the whole world would look plain and grey, which could lead to the high level of depression and negative mood of the citizens. 
However, another point of view states that the convinience of living in the house should by firstly taken into account. This is true because of the recent harmful situations that are taking place in many countries. Those situations iclude collapsing of the buildings that seemed very beautiful, but did not manage the long and intensive usage and, as a result, were found destoyed. However, this problem does not prove the unneccessity of the buildings to be good-looking. This only requires art and technological universities to make some actions to improve the level of their students. 
To conclude, I think it is very important for architects to continue to produce builings that will draw people's attention and make them admire the world around them. However, the importance of the good and reliable project, that will serve for many years, is also needed to be remembered. 