In this day and age, the family institution is very crucial for children development especially for conservative communities. However, it is vitally important to mention that other places that child visits and all people that he meets outside his home and relative also have a great influence on his mind. Indeed, this influence can be even more significant for kids. Today I would like to present both stances on this problem and to give my personal opinion. 
First of all, family is a group of people who educates and takes care about child since his first words and steps. Parents can tell their sons or daughters what is bad and what is good, how to behave in society, with whom they should communicate. These components shape kids mind and influence very powerful their life and our views which is impossible to deny. For instance, for the majority of teenagers relatives play an important role in defining their future: they help us to open and better our art or science skills and to choose our future profession. They also pay for university. 
However, it is also believed that not only family can influence our mind and child's personal development. There are children who grow mostly independently from their parents. It doesn't mean that child constantly argues with his family and doesn't listen them at all. Indeed, some children would rather prefer to learn new information in school from their teachers who undoubtfully play an important role in children's intelligence and social behaviour, from their friends which sometimes are closer for teenagers than parents because they are the same age and understand them better. In this case, it would be true to say that people outside the home influence children's views on life much stronger that their own family. 
To conclude, I'd like to say that I personally can't choose between these opinions. As for me, I suppose that both family and other people such as friends, teachers or colleagues form a mindset of young generation and the power of this influence from both sides can vary due to the country, social politics, type of parents and the level of chidren's independence. This issue is considered to be very controversial so both views should be accepted and respected. 