The question about the beauty and the pragmatics in the urban space is one of the most controversal. Some designers and architects have an aim to create the real art in every man-made object, whereas others are more concerned in the practical side of the problem. Frequently the architects do not try to make bildings eyes-catching, they do their best to make them comfortable. I partly agree with this position. In my opinion, the creator, firstly, should remember his professional aim to make comfortable buldings, but after that he ought to take care of the town, that would look better, when the buidings are attractive. 
First of all, the urban space should not be understood as a museum. People do not expect to see the works of art everywhere in their town. Otherwise, the real art would not be the real art, if it could be seen at every corner. The aim of art is to teach people how to see what they had never seen before in usual objects. The pieces of art everywhere will not reach their aim and can make people feel regretfully about the art in general. 
Secondly, the people of art are often more interested in the effect of their work rather than the comfort of people who will live there. In order to make their work better, the creators spend a lot of time to construct the building, look for financial support to create the perfect building. Its future livers will appreciate creator's work at the very beginning, but after some time they will not understand why it took so many resources to create the bilding they have already got tired of. 
In spite of everything mentioned above, it is important when the architects and the designers do their best to make the daily life better. Perfect buidings help to develop the feeling of beautiful in a usual urban liver. They create the space people love and want to live in. 
Taking into consideration all mentioned above, the wish to construct a beutiful bilding should be connected with understanding of purposes of the building. In my opinion, the comfort of people should be in the first place, but the aesthetic feelings should not be forgotten as well. 