Social media usage is on the rise and no are debates as to what its main purpose is, with some claiming it is information and knowledge sharing, and others refuting that sites such as Facebook and VK exist purely for entertainment. In this essay I will examine both of these views followed by a reasoned conclusion.
More and more people use social media websites for educational purposes and thus regard this as the main aim of these sites. Indeed, not only many institutions and organisations have their own pages on social media site with sufficiently full and up-to-date information, but also it can be used by ordinary people as vital news outlet. For instance, during so-called «Black-out», the series of resonant race-related protests aimed at combating unjust police brutality in the USA, social media such as Twitter and Facebook were often the only source of information for people not directly involved in the protests, as the conventional media relayed scarce or incorrect reports.
There is undoubtedly another facet to social media, namely its entertainment value. A wide variety of games, quizes, musical playlists, visual collages etc. can be found on VK or FB any given day. It is because of this facet that many argue that social media should simply entertain, because it is a rare safe haven among a sea of negative information coming from elsewhere. Admittedly, you need only turn on your TV to see a report on a war or other tragedy within a few minutes.
However, it is agreed that social media’s main purpose is after all, relaying information and knowledge. Entertainment value can still be found widely, one could say that the entire modern culture is built on entertainment. With this in mind, social media is unique in that it posseses a rare accessibility quality, usable for the widest array of people and is thus too important to neglect when discussing its information value.
In conclusion, there is no consensus generally as to the main purpose of social media, but it is agreed that sharing information is more vital than mere entertainment as it possesses some unique qualities in this capacity such as accessibility.
