Nowadays, many people use social networks to keep in touch with friends, to find new ones, to gain some knowledge or because their work is connected with social networks. The social media is used either for entertainment or for sharing knowledge and getting information. However, there are some people who claim that the main function of social network is sharing information. At the same time, others think that the purpose of using social media is just for fun.

On the one hand, social networks are really a good way to share information with others. You have your group of people in contact and they can always see when you upload a photo or write something about your life. Moreover, it is a very quick way to share information all over the world. Having friends all over the world and rising social networks allows you understand different cultures and learn about them. However, sharing information in social networks may have some disadvantages. For example, lack of data security can lead to some unpleasant consequences. Moreover, the information can be both incorrect and boring. For example, some people are uploading thousands of photos of their pets. And that seems not very useful.

On the other hand, some social networks provide people with the possibility of listening to music, reading some news and articles and even watching videos. Many people start to use something on their own pages as a hobby, create some groups and even organize events with the help of social media. However, sometimes it may lead to addiction, when people spend almost all their time in networks (even during working hours). In addition, thay may even forget a real world because of virtual reality.

In conclusion I would like to say that as for me, purposes of using a social network depend on a personal choise. Nevertheless, I do not suppose that social networks are a reliable source of information. I guess that social networks may be a good way to share information with your friend if they are interested in it. I still think that social media is more for entertainment. However, the question still need a further discussion, because using social networks for entertainment and sharing information can be even combined.
