Nowadays more and more parents tend to dedicate their time to work rather than their own children. As the result children do not get the chance to spend as much time with parents as the previous generations could.

With the course of time the lifestyle and life goals of the majority of people underwent serious changes. At the present time the social status is dictated by the posessed amount of money, therefore there is a tendency to work more. People need more money to afford good education for children, to buy them school supplies and clothes. Moreover, individual tutors are often hired to enchance the academic performance of the child, which is also quite costly. Another possible reason can be the pursuit of the own professional goals and self-realization of the parents at work, which leads to the higher satisfaction rates and often the wage increase.

As parents spend more time working children stay alone or with the people who are paid to watch them. A number of problems can be caused by this issue. One of them concerns the psychological state of children, who feel abandoned and try to reach the parents using all possible ways including rebellious and deviant behaviour, which can negatively affect the society in general. Another problem is that from early childhood the wrong values are proposed to the children, whose minds can be easily affected by parents as role models. They learn that financial and social statuses are an essential part of life of any person and forget about other qualities needed for success. Parents neglect telling their children about love, care and kindness. The lack of these qualities might result in the destruction of the society as everyone will be only striving for money and social status.

Summing up, if parents keep neglecting their duty of raising children and educating them about the right things the society will fall apart. On the other hand, in order to raise a child one needs to work as a lot of money is needed. The only solution to this urgent problem is finding the balance and being able to give up on something.
