The social structure and social ties in the modern world are now under the tremendous transformation, the family relations are not the exception. It was noted by some people that parents tend to be busy with their work which results in the decrease of the time which children could spend with the parents compared to the past. In this essay I am going to investigate the reasons of such problem and also outline the issued which are connected with it.

To my mind, the major causes which seem to decrease the time which children spend with their parents are: the modern pace of life and the current standards of education. Firstly, the way of life which is now typical for both urban and rural areas has differed significantly. For example, the transport systems work faster, so people are expected to move quicker and fulfill the huge amount of different tasks which also results in the lack of time to spend with family. Secondly, the current standards of education matter. For instance, students are overloaded by their schoolwork and extracurriculum activities, which leads to less time for hobbies and also for the communication with relatives.

Regarding the problems which can occur as a response to the shrinking of the time which children can spend with their families. In my opinion, the existing problem can result in the extend of generation gap and also in the lack of understanding between parents and children. Generation gap, by turn, can make values of the children and parents completely different which is tightly connected with the lack of understanding. The lack of understand can lead to conflicts and for example result in the shop of the whole communication between parents and children.

In conclusion, I would like to sum up the discussed reasons of the lack of the time which children spend with their parents and its outcomes. The problem is probably strengthened by the pace of life and the education at load which is on the shoulders of the modern children. The possible problems, which are caused by the lack of the time, which could children and families spend together are: generation gap and lack of understanding between the parents and their children.
