It is argued that in the last century many worldwide organisations try to increase their economical influence in the poorest countries such as India or Phillipines, because it can provide locals with workplaces and help them to gain the better social status. It is agreed that this tendence cause a big negative impact on the less developed countries. This essay will discuss, firstly, globalization processes that are incommon all over the world. Secondly, how the international organisations and companies break the law using underaged as the main source for the daytime and nighttime work. As it could be seen many international companies are trying to involve in local economics to prevent country for further development. Different globalization processes which are the part of worlwide organisations way to gain influence cause many disadvantages for local people. For instance, in Indonesia many international companies as Nike or Adidas build their fabrics for the low-paid workplaces, because in developed countries the same work would cost a company much more money. Only about two or three dollars are paid people who are mostly underaged per week. The conditions in which locals are surviving are terrible: long working day, a little space between the wworkers and etc. As it was mentioned above the many workers in local fabrics of international companies are underaged. Unfortunately, it is a well-known labor politics in Asia where children are working since they are five. All types of labor are common among the teenagers as seewer or driver, for example. Even nowadays nothing can prevent such horrible worldwide tendence which is surely connected to even more sufficient issues as rasicm or tolerance loss. To instance, it is commonly known that North America is often using Mexico as a source of getting cheap labor for the food or clothing industries. Overall, it can be stated that the international companies business development in the poorest countries raise enormous amount of different types of problems, as social, economical and environmental.