There are a lot of factors that influence the rate of crime in modern society. It is an important to discuss what can be done to prevent people from choosing to commit a crime in the future. There are two main opposing opinions on the best way to reduce crime. One of them insists that longer prison sentences are bound to make crime rate staggeringly low. The second opinion is that there are better ways of reducing crime, alternative to prolonged prison sentences. Let's first look at the pros and cons of sending criminals to jail for a longer period of time. The positive aspect of this endeavor is that normal members of society, who might considering breaking the law, will likely be persuaded to give up on the idea. It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance. But that doesn't account for the certain percentage of the population that have deeply ingrained criminal tendencies. It's a fact that makes most of us cringe and want to deny it, but alas, it remains true. The downside to sending these types of criminals to jail, is the fact that they won't improve or change their ways, and will not be able to convince like-minded people that a criminal lifestyle has proved harmful to them and can potentially ruin many more lives. If they're always in jail, they will never have the chance to warn and educate others by the example of their misfortunate choice. Next we'll examine the opposite point of view, claiming that there are better ways to reduce and prevent crime than sentencing criminals to jail for a longer time. Preventing a fire is in most cases easier than extinguishing an already existing one, but in the case of crime, things are always complicated, because every society is a more sophisticated structure than any natural forest. The most important factors that influence the level of crime are: the state of the economy, the education system and the opportunities it offers, and the cultural and moral foundation, functioning on different levels, from nuclear family to society overall. If any of the above mentioned sectors are impaired, corrupt, or malfunctioning, crime rate will soar and thrive. Making sure that the majority of citizens have fair access to employment, health facilities, a good consumer market, and cultural and recreational opportunities will benefit not only the societal mindset and well-being in general, but can also significantly decrease the number of individuals who choose to break the law. In my opinion, both views have merit, and the best strategy is to involve both sides to form a balanced, compromise-based solution. It is important to make sure that prison sentences are long enough to discourage the average citizen from committing a crime, but that's only one battle in the fight against the high rate of crime. The other no less crucial aspect of the issue is to work on improving the state of society in general, to give people better choices and more opportunities to choose from, discouraging them to pursue crime-driven fantasies.