Today, international companies change the place of their buisenesses, moving them to developing countries, which have less money, and employing workers from these lands. There are several advantages and disadvantages in this new tendency; they are demonstrated and weighed below. On the one hand, companies help poorer counties in their development and becoming more productive and important in worldwide view. Having international companies in countries of the 'second level' gives them an opportunity to start or remain their connection with developed countries. It happens due to the fact that some buisinesses are one of the most comfortable and widespread bases for becoming closer to each other and start exchanging with experience in all spheres. To illustrate, the moving of automobile buisiness to poorer countries gives a strong reason to start an improvement of car-building there. Moreover, employing local workers rases the level of education, which is needed for getting a new kind of job, and reduces a problem of the lack of working places, which causes an increase in living standarts. On the other hand, moving buisinesses to developing countries can become a reason of decreasing is success of a company. Poorer countries have a lower level of technology and education, which means that companies need to wait until these problems will be destroyed or make investment in the improvement of a country. In addition, businesses can finally not close all the wastements which were made to raise the level of the country. For example, increasing in the level of education with the help of Germany chocolate company may become not helpful for the company itself, because approximately all the students would choose another job, leaving the investors without workers. To my mind, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages. Moving the buisinesses to poorer countries can be counted as a risk. However, international companies have the experience in choosing a new place for their fabrics or offices. Consequently, making their choise, they find all the problems, which can be dangerous for their level and final income, so the decision of the movement of buisinesses to some developing countries is always made rationally. Companies are ready to invest and ready to lose. To conclude, the fact that international companies move their buisinesses to countries, shioch may even need their help, which are less developed, has more advantages than disadvantages and can be counted as a good investment, made by companies in both their own buisiness and the development of counties which are chosen as new places for their factories or offices.