Crime is a problem for any country and any society, which people have been trying to solve for many years, and nowadays there is a popular opinion that longer prison sentences may really help it. However, there are those who claim that this not the best option and there are better ways of reducing the crime. I personally support those who think that giving longer prison sentences would only make the situation worse. Firstly, the prisoners form a very specific kind of society which has a great impact on everyone who is a part of it. The more time one spends in this society, the more used to it they are going to get, and their mind would turn into a mind of a real criminal even though their first crime was not that terrible. Secondly, the chances to adopt to normal life after the prison sentence are already low as prisoners lose their skills and knowledge, and thereputation of even former criminals makes employers to avoid giving them a job, and a great number of years spent in prison makes it even more hard. However, those who support the idea of longer prison sentences claim that this the best choice as the criminals are isolated for a longer period of time, which means that common citizen are more protected from them. I see the point, but to my mind the disadvantages are too big to ignore them. Firstly, prisons are built and run with these common citizens' taxes, so if the prisons are full, then people have to pay more money for them, and this amount can become extremely big. Secondly, many of isolated criminals will get free eventually and, according to the second paragraph of this work, they will get back to their criminal business again as there is no way for them to start a new life after so many years in jail. In conclusion I would like to state that giving longer prison sentences are a too simple approach to the crime problem. The real solutions should be far more complicated and mild as the best way to reduce the crime is not to let people do anything for which they can be sentenced, and this means that it is more about improving people's education, moral principles and values instead of laws.