In the last few years the idea of uniting in purpose of helping each other on a global scale has become overwhelming. This is not only about charity, politics, medicine or surviving and overcoming environmental disasters, but also about business. Some people claim that the strategy of opening new branches of well-known highly-influential companies in developing and third-world countries is one of the best ways to fight against unemployment, whereas others assume this method to be rather useless. I share the first opinion. There are some arguments supporting my point of view. First of all, by giving an opportunity of such employment to local workers is actually a whole cluster of decisions, as with this chance people may also receive extra education for their occupation and other perks such as health insurance, which is especially important for them. Moreover, extention to poorer countries usually creates lots of blue collar offers, not only white collar once, which would have more interest in such countries, as it's often factories that's being constructed and opened in developing states. However, there are those complaining about this strategy being a complete non-sence. They believe that such development may bring managing problems because such programmes are usually performed in remote places. And that distance, as supposed, has its effect on the final cost of the outcome product, which is a result of higher logistic expenses. Still, from my point of view those extra payments don't play a big role in the final cost. That is because labour in developing countries is way cheaper than in developed once, which means that an outcome is practically the same. As a result, it is not only the citizens who benefit from such programmes, but also the companies themselves. Taking everything into consideration, the advantages of such trends are quite obvious and are above any arguments. It is unquestionable that everybody gets the best from these deals, so why not turning a rare practice into a common practice full of benefits for both sides?