There is a common tendency among the business companies to transfer their facilities in developing countries and higher local poopulation to work there. Some people believe that it is not fair while such companies can pay less money for the empoyees, and others suggest that business companies tries to help such countries with the development. The reasons for this are outlined below. On the one hand, moving their business into developing countries means that the company wants to contribute in its current economical situation. Such companies pay money for land, worker, assuarance and, in many case, bring there their own experts so to educate the workers and to introduce modern technologies into the plants and factories. The international companies almost always invest in many charity organisation and give extra investment into the economy. Such benefits have a positive influance on the whole countries. It also becomes easier to companies to orginise their work in the developing countries because usually it costs extremely cheaper than in their own countries. However, many companies use such possibility to save money. For instance, the size of worker's salaries in not as high as it can be in the developed countries. Many bussinesmen suggest that worker in developing countries does not need a higher salary even though emplyees do the same amount of work as in the prosperous countries. The other aspect where companies want to save money is work condition, which can be not correspond to the appropriate standard. Then the lack of medical care is also a significant point. Local workers almost always are not provided with the suitable medicial care. Personally, I believe that such drawbacks are significant enough to outweigh the benefits. The modern society schould control the companies when they want to thansfer their bussines so that these disadvantages can be overcome. To sum up, moving bussines from thriving countries to poorer ones should be done appropriately. So, international companies should bring more benefits both to the busisines owners and to the local population.