While demanding harsher punishment for crimes may give some people a visceral sense of justice, and this is understandable, it is my belief that in this judicial system it makes little sense from a financial standpoint. Consider this: there is a strong corellation between income level and crime. While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure. Now, the state has a budget, from which both prisons and social programs for bridging the gap between rich and poor and providing support to the destitute are financed. The longer our prison sentences, the higher the prison population, assuming the same initial imprisonment rates. The higher our prison population, the bigger our prisons' running costs, and conversely, the less money left in the budget for social programs that could alleviate the poverty that causes many to turn to crime. This creates a self-perpetuating cycle of violence which is ultimately unsustainable, because you can't really jail everybody, can you? Now, of course, perhaps the funding that is taken from the budget by increased jail running costs may be replenished at the cost of something other than social programs. While that is unlikely - historical experience, at least, shows that social programs are usually the first thing to go when it's time to tighten the proverbial belt - let us consider this possibility as well. Ask yourself, do you really want to lose a chunk of your healthcare, your infrastructure, your defence (unlikely as it is that any state would ever reduce its defence funding), or perhaps your actual income, when taxation rises to cover the costs of keeping people imprisoned - all for the sake of a measure that is both morally suspect and not guaranteed to work? Prison has been called a school for career criminals before, with people for whom crime was a one-time occurence corrupted by its brutal environment into a life of crime, returning back again and again after being released. Surely minimizing the impact of prison on the lives of criminals should be a good idea? Perhaps the funding is better spent on making prison a place where criminals are isolated from society for the sake of its safety, as prison is usually advertised, and not a draconian hellhole used to scare children straight? Perhaps my presentation of the issue is a little one-sided. But then again, I happen to be poor.