Nowadays, due to the global expansion of the world markets the developed countries' business arenas are becoming overcrowded ,so facing this kind of crisis of industry companies start to move to developing countries in order to lauch new projects. Why conquering new areas can be much more easier and do the local workers are less demanding in a sense of salary and working conditions than the euporean ones? And what are the disadvantages? First of all, I'd like to emphasise the fact that more and more foreingers from developing countries try to move to Europe in order to be payed and treated better than in their own countries. This fact shows that there are still a vast amount of people working under the same conditions that the others who have already moved anywhere used to work. This means that big companies are surely aware of the fact too, so in order to make the production much more cheaper they move their headquarters to the poorer countries. Also developing countries boast of their people's stamina and hard-work so it is quite tempting to get a great workers and lessen the expenses. Secondly, mastering new territories give a great opportunities to develop not only existing industries but creating the new ones. Developing countries are full of fossils and natural resources which haven't been touched by humans before ,so the nature and the good old technology of the developed countries may combine for the better results. Thirdly these areas exclude rivalry between big companies so they can work freely- there are much less big companies in there. Thirdly, the legislations are quite different so in some countries it is much more easily to do something which is strictly forbidden in any other and the majority of workers are surely not aware of their rights so it is easier for companies to manipulate due to poor education level. Anyway I am mot a professional in the field but watching so many documentaries on the net I must confess that sometimes I see big companies as a monstrous machines enslaving people in developing countries. It is heart-breakingly sad seeing them coping with famine and surviving as the companies are vasting and thriving on them all the time. Unfortunately, I do not comprehend the laws of business and stuff so I am just be satisfied with the fact that companies give people more workplaces becuase unemployment is the great problem of the whole world, not talking about the developing countries.