Nowadays it is widely believed that some people believe that the number of crimes can be reduced due to making prison sentences harder. Other people think that there can be another methods of reducing crime and they can be better than long prison sentence. In my opinion, the best way to make the number of crimes is to choose the type of punisment, basing on personal characteristics of the particular criminal. The reasons for that are outlined below. From the ancient times the prison sentence was the one way to controll the criminal and sometimes it worked. However, in the time of modern society the long prison sentence can be even a present for criminal because of high-quality service in some prison (for example, in norvegian prisoners have a TV in ther rooms). In addition, another reason to introduct new types of punisment is that the significant number of criminals who have spent almost a half of their lifes in the prison can begin their crimes again. On the other hand, there are a lot of alternative ways to prevent and to reduce the number of crimes. For instance, some people do crime only because they have mental problems or manias (for examle, cleptomania), so it is required for them to have a consultation with the professonal psychologist. Another crimes such as sex violens aganist females can be reduced due to chemicals which was specially developed to decrease the level of hormons. Moreover,for some people in non-developed countries crime only crime can maintain their life, because they have not money or food. In this situation it is essential to introduce new laws (or social workers) which will help these people find a work or provide products and medical services to support them. To sum up, it is definitely the case prolonged prison sentenses are not always the best way to reduce the level of crime. In my opinion, the long prison sentence can solve the problem, but there are the number of different methods to solve this problem (for examle, chemical injections) and the type of punishment should be depend on the personality of the criminal.