There is a tendency nowadays that many international companies change strategy of their business to poorer. They do this to develop countries and to let the local workers to find job. Though this tendency is rather worldwide, it has its strong and weak sides. Trying to support people in different countries with different amount of money and different level of life, international companies, however, change their own strategies, which have been working for a lot of years, and consiquently, they change the worldview of people. It is widely known that a lot of international companies nowadays turn to the stragedy of supporting the developing countries and people who cannot find job or even find their own way of life. This tendency is partly supported by the fact that people in developed countries, such as Europian countries and USA, for example, began to feel the level of difference, which appeared between their level of life and the level of life in less rich countries or in the countries, where people have very diffenrent way of life than people in developed countries have. However, globalisation makes everyone to look at their neighbourhood countries. Consiquently, the huge international companies in the developed countries understand, that they should change their stragedy of business to poorer to let people of different social levels understand their worldview and enter their trade. They employ local workers and develop counties, investing money in different social events in such developing countries. It helps not only to increase the level of life of people in the poorer countries or people, who just cannot find job, but also it helps international companies to enter different levels of trade and rise their production. However, developing their investements and entering trades of different countries, international companies change the worldview of people throughout the world. It may have its disadvantages, as such stragedy changes the cultures in different countries. It can ruin traditions in the countries, on which these companies want to have an influence, because people in such countries would better prefer richer and more stable way of life and possibilities for their future, which international companies promise to people. It is, in fact, the way of how globalisation is working. The disadvantage if this process is that people loose their individuality. It causes the changes in cultures of different countries. To sum up, many international countries change their stragedy nowadays and try to enter trades of different countries. It helps people of different social levels to find job and have better future. It also helps the developing countries to improve their possibilities in trade and become richer. However, the tendency represented by the changes in the international companies' stragedies causes the process of globalisation, which has an influence on cultures and way if life in different countries and changes them.