In modern world a lot of international companies give preferences to poorer, developing countries while deciding where to locate their businesses. They prefer to employ locals rather than take workers from their own country. To my mind, this strategy has a variety of advantages. First of all, companies offer jobs to millions of workers helping them to avoid poverty caused by unemployment. People who get their job can then help their families and spend money on food and leisure facilities. Secondly, this principle allows the economical situation in developing countries to get better and grow even faster. On the other hand, moving businesses to developing countries is good for consumers of the goods the companies produce. It is so because the products which were produced in poorer countries cost less as the workers there are paid less salary. What is more, modern technologies allow reduce transportation cost to minimum so that it becomes not important where exactly to produce goods. However, some people claim that locating plants and factories in poorer countries can leed to many problems and is not as good as it may seem. The main reason for this claim is that businessmen ofthen use extremely cheap workforce which makes people feel like slaves. Moreover, a lot of factories can seriously damage local ecology because of lower ecological standarts in these countries and a high density of plants on the territory. From the point of consumer, it also has a certain disadvantage. Electronic devices and clothes produced in such countries are often of bad quality because workers are not responsible enough and the companies do not pay much attention to the quality of goods they produce and sell. All in all, I still feel that the advantages of moving businesses to developing countries outweigh the disadvantages. However, I strongly believe that companies should do their best to look after the quality of what they produce and be more responsible for the people who work on their factories.