One of the most controversial topics in the history of humanity is criminal activity and the dicsussion of the ways to reduce it. Some people believe that this problem can be solved by giving criminals stricter punishment - like longer prison sentences, while others argue that better ways of reducing crime can be found. On one hand, giving longer prison sentences sounds reasonable. If some person, while deciding whether to commit a crime or not, is faced with the possibility of spending most part of his life imprisoned, this would definetely reduce the chance that one will choose a wrong path. Imprisonment can be very hard for one to accept and often breaks people's lives, because not only does it take away one's freedom for a long time, but also leaves lesser opportunities in life when one is released. On the ther hand, however, many people who are about to do something illegal often hope that they will simply not be caught, like those who have already come up with the ways of avoiding punishment - by means of bribery, for example, and some crimes are not that serious to consider imprisonment as a punishment at all. Moreover, keeping prisons and fulfilling prisoners' needs often takes up a big part of a government's budget, while a lot of young and economically active people do not take part in the economy at all, being imprisoned. Thus, there should be better ways of reducing crime. First is to find out why people commit crimes in the first place. Many crimes, like thefts or robberies, as well as some murders, are the consequences of a poor quality of life, so it is one of the primary objectives of the government to make sure that their citizens do not face poverty, and also have free access to food, heating, clothing, electricity, as well as medicine and education. Secondly, it might be a good idea to raise the level of responsibility and honesty among young people, so that they will find it uncomfortable to hurt others in any way. All things considered, longer imprisonment might not be the solution we are looking for, while a good quality of life and proper education could reduce the amount of crimes, at least the smaller ones.