The strategy of supporting developing countries by more experienced and rich countries is developing and expanding nowadays. Some international businesses are transferred to the poor countries in Africa or Middle Asia to help them develop and in the same time to use cheaper working resources. However, these simingly noble and progressive actions with obvious advantages encounter an opinion that in reality they only harm by preventing poor countries from developing their own potencials. On one hand, there are evidently some certain and immediate positive effects in such a kind of support given by rich companies to developing countries. People in Africa need some money to feed their children right now and do not have time and actual resources to develop national businesses. The opportunity to get a relatively well-paid working place with certain garantees from the world leading companies is a great chance for them. Moreover, for the companies it is also not just a kind of charity. They can employ a lot of people and pay them the salary that would seem ridiculous for the workers in the country of the company's origin. Nevertheless, on another hand, the opinion that this strategy can be dangerous in a certain sense is also quite well-grounded. The international companies that set the businesses in developing countries do not leave local businesses a chance to grow up. The competitive type of economics is not usual yet for the countries that were civilizated not so long ago and local undertakers just do not have enough skills and resources to compete successfully with the experienced international companies. Therefore, the world businesses just "eat" local iniciative and do not give poor countries an opportunity to develop. To sum up, moving big international businesses to poorer countries have some certain advantages, however it can be good only for solving the problems that lie on the surface like unemployment and lack of money. In a deeper perspective this economic strategy can be even harmful, for it leads to the total dependence of developing countries on the developed ones and prevent them from making their domestic economics stronger.