It is widely believed that crime is one of the most complicated issues in modern society. Therefore, as many people suppose, the only way to solve this problem is the prolongation of the prison period. In contrast, other people state that it is insufficient and such a situation needs more effective actions. In this essay I will examine both these views and try to offer my own solution. On the one hand, as the first group of people believe, the level of crime (which raised dramatically in last decades, as different surveys demonstrate it) can be reduced only by keeping "evil" in the prison for as much time as possible. Firstly, it can truly protect the society from those criminals who had already showed its deviant behaviour. Furthermore, the amount of recidives is so sizeable that it must be taken into consideration. Secondly, during the whole period of its existence, humanity did not provide any more effective ways to stop criminals than puninshment - and if this punishment is strictrer, the criminals would afraid to get in prison. Lastly, such a way does not any modifications in the current state system since the prison net already exists - hence it is more affordable for the government. On the other hand, the first position is often refuted by the second group of people. They state that prison system is not up-to-date and cannot reduce crime even if the prison sentences would be longer. First of all, it should be taken into account that the influence of the prisons on reducing crime is not proved by the surveys, and the fact of recedives demonstrate that prisons cannot "correct" people. Apart from that, the prison system itself is utterly expensive for the government and hence need more and more taxes from the simple citizens; undoubtedly, the prolongation of the prison period would impact on the cost of its maintenance. Therefore, several alternative ways of reducing crime are offered. For instance, some people suppose that the development of the policy system can help to stop the crime events instead of stricter punishments after this event. Moreover, the society can influence on criminals "softer" than by strict prisons and try to prevent the situation when an ordinary man becomes a criminal. Namely, the government should help poor families and their children since they are mostly predisposed to crime (as the example of African, some Asian and other poor countries demonstrate it). Finally, the education and moral systems should be improved in order to enhance the moral self-control of each member of the society. All in all, I partly agree with both these views and, furthermore, I suppose that they are not so contrast as they seem. From my point of view (despite the fact that my opinion may seem too superficial), all these ways may be combined in order to prevent the human from crime and to reduce the amount of such situations. The government is obliged to strict the prison conditions and simultaneously develop systems which can influence people's minds more effectively - education or moral system (including schools and universities), supporting those who cannot provide themselves without a crime. If all these methods are gathered, it will truly contribute to reducing crime in modern society.