Some people believe that giving longer prison sentences would help to reduce crime. Others, however, disagree with that and think, that there are other better and far more effective ways of reducing crime. I personally believe that the length of any prison sentence should surely depend on the crime that a person commited. It is hard to say generally whether it is good or bad to give longer prison sentences, because one crime does not equal the other, as well as one criminal is not as dangerous for the society as the other. But I also think that when commiting a crime a person is aware of the punishment they might be facing, and nobody makes them commit it. That's why giving longer prison sentences seems to be rather reasonable, especially since such criminals as murders or rapists should definitely be isolated from the society not to be a threat for the other people. Moreover, long prison sentence could even prevent the crime from happening, because some criminals would simply be afraid of spending years imprisoned. Other reason to give longer prison sentences is that being imprisoned people can change their ways or even change their attitude in general. Thanks to prisons priests some people turn to religious, leaving all the violence behind. They become different people -- those that are not dangerous for the others anymore. And the longer they are imprisoned, the higher are the chances of these changes. Nevertheless, it is not always right to give longer prison sentences. First of all, sometimes innocent people are still being accused of the crimes they never commited -- and then they are impisoned for years having their lives complitely destroyed. It is also a huge tragedy for their families and all the other close ones. Secondly, some crimes such as bulgary do not neccesarily require a long prison sentences, because sometime they are commited out of desperate need. For instance, those who cannot earn enough money for their children feel obliged to get the money somehow else. In conclusion, any case is individual and should be taken individually, so the length of prison sentences cannot be universal.