Fighting with crime is one of the global problems of the modern world. There are a considerable number of ways to reduce crime level and make our lives safer, and they are often discussed. Some people suggest to make prisons sentences longer, while others see other opportunities to solve the problem. It seems to be clear why someone believes that longer inprisonments can be helpful in reducing crime. Firstly, it may influence criminals' mind: if they see the perspective to loose their freedom foe a significant number of years in prison, some of them will probably choose not to commit a crime. However, it seems to me that this way a mortal punishment will be a more effective way. Secondly, there is a popular point of view that years in prison can change a person considerably. During this long period of time he or she can sincerely regret about the deed and change the behaviour, but it is clear that, unfortunately, it does not happen with every criminal. Speaking about alternative methods of reducing crime, improving security system or, for instance, work with teenagers from poor families can be stated. Installing more video cameras in the streets and public places, developing new ways of cyber safety and constant training of policemen and other security staff might help to solve the problem. But it seems to me that it is more important to work with potential criminals and victims, not with the circumstances or consequences of a crime. It is a common knowledge that the possibility of commiting a crime is higher among people with criminal routes, uneducated and with the low living standards. A person, who has seen illegal way of living in the childhood, has more risks to commit a crime by himself. Therefore, it may be a good idea to pay more attention to needs of such people and, for example, provide more psychological work with their children. Speaking about crimes with "normal" children is not less important. Everyone should know the basic ways of self-defence in different situation and probably even be familiar with some fighting techniques. Overall, there are a significant number of various ways to make crimes not so common. Personally I believe that all these methods can be efficient only when they are used together and by qualified and honest government. Reducing crime rate is a problem of the whole society, so it is to important reasonably use all the possible ways.