Nowadays, many international companies with worldwide brands decide to move the production of their businesses to developing countries and employ local workers. This business model has its advantages as well as disadvantages. Moving the development to poorer countries permit to the owners of production save a significant amount of money. First of all, the most important part of the expenses, that it, salaries, can be diminished more than twice, because the normal salary in poorer countries is often less than the minimum salary in developed countries. Even if we compare Russian salaries to European salaries, we can see that the average Russian salary of 500 euros per month is the European minimum given by the government to jobless people, tough Russia is considered to be a developed country. The second reason why development in poor countries is cheaper is that industrial construction and materials are less expensive than in developed countries. It is evidently easier to build a factory in the middle of nowhere in Africa, than pay huge amounts of money for the same goal in Europe. As a result, the products constructed in poorer countries are significantly cheaper. However, this kind of development also has its disadvantages. The first and gravest disadvantage is that quality of the resulting product would inevitably suffer. Hiring locals is indeed cheaper, but the new employees can lack the necessary experience and education. Moreover, the materials obtained for the production are not of the same quality as those that are used in domestic production. This statement can be easily sustained with the following example: a vast majority of developed countries have now moved their production to China. As a result, the collocation "made in China" has become a definition for something cheap but of a very poor quality. The arguement between domestic and abroad production is the arguement between price and quality. Nowadays the consumertist society is demanding much and cheap, satisfied with poorer quality. So, for the world of today, expanding production to developing countries might be the best decision.