Whether or not travelling via aircraft should be restricted has been a burning issue for a quite some time now. Some people believe that such travelling harms the ecosystem, others argue that it is imperative that air travelling remains the same and I can understand their point of view. First of all, air travelling is the most efficient way to travel ling distance with the minimum amount of emission into the atmosphere and maximum number of passengers transported. If governments can air travelling or introducing a tax that will make flying unaffordable, people will search other means to travel, which may turn out to be more dangerous to our planet, for example, more cars will be used thus increasing the amount of carbon monoxide in the air. What is more, sometimes air travelling is the only way to get to a specific location, for example, spizbergen or other islands it will take ages to get from spizbergen to main land via ship travelling, non with starding that some ships are not meant to be sailing in cold water icebergs. Moreover, Rescue Teams also use aircraft to quickly transport injured people to the emergency rooms in hospitals or to help firefighters conquer the forest fires. Despite all these fact, some people strongly believe that governments should take action and deal with the amount of air travels in order to protect the environment. Some argue that if you want to travel for pleasure or business you should pay more. It seems that higher prices will commute the damage to the environment. They also think that people will remain within their social areas or their own country and that that with the higher payments less people will travel worldwide. It goes without saying that while some part of this argument is true it is doubtful that air travel will be reduced dramatically, while it is obvious that other means of transport such as cars or trains will be used more, as the result more energy will be consumed and more harmful goes will be thrown in the air. All in all, the issue of restricting air travelling still needs to be thoroughly considered, but I believe that restricting air travelling is not a wise move as it may turn out to be counter productive and consequently, lead to negative results.