Today there are ongoing debates about the issue that international companies transfer their businesses to not rich and undeveloped countries to find and hire employees from the local country. This topic has as benefits as drawbacks. In this essay both sides of this problem will be examined carefully. First of all, these international companies force the economy of other country, while relocating their business to it. It helps not only to solve the problem of unemployment but also amends country and encourages it for development and modernization. Some may argue that this does not dive a chance for local companies to grow and become famous. However, I believe that international companies help local ones and maintain them because they are able to share their skills in businesses. Furthermore, these transformations are useful and convenient for companies due to the fact that labour force is ususally cheaper in poor countries. This is an excellent way to save money. For example, during the economical crisis it is possible not to close your business in rich and developed country, but just relocate it to poorer one. From the other hand, spendings for rebuilding and rerunning the business could be higher. In my view, this spendings are smaller than a demolishment of the business. Nevertheless, it is often claimed that employees from poor countries are being discriminated and have awful conditions at work because nobody could present their interests and fight for their rules. I would say that this is a problem at all companies which employ cheap labour force. But from my point of view, international companies would never afford themselves to discriminate workers because they are often well-known and this aspect will shade their reputation. All in all, I think that relocating the business to poor countries and employing workers from that place has more advantages than disadvantages. This maintain the economy and solve the problem of unemployment poor country. Moreover it is beneficial for international business as it is developing, spreading and saving many via this way.