This time many companies prefer organizing a new manufacture in developing country to doing the same locally. There are some advantages of this idea and because of them many people support it. In my opinion, the y do not outweigh disadvantages of this organizational principles. To begin with, replacing manufactures to poorer countries seems to be a good idea to companies and consumers. Firstly, labour in that countries is cheaper than in developed ones, therefore products made there is cheaper too. Lower costs attract people strongly and they buy products from Asia and Africa realized under the famous European or American brands. Moreover, building factories in developing countries gives them a chance to develop faster. For example, Bangladesh or Vietnam have increased their GDPs rapidly after the opening of some factories by European companies there finally, any new manufactures placed in a foreign country makes these countries closer, economic cooperation supports the idea of world united by all types of communication which brings all countries new opportunities to develop. On the other hand, I am sure that all mentioned advantages have got the opposite side. First of all, replacement of manufacturing into a country with cheaper labour kills local markets in developed areas and causes unemployment. Companies do not want to pay more to qualified European or American specialists and prefer cheaper substitutes in other countries. By those decisions, many people have to change their specialisations. What is more important, this system makes poorer countries dependent on the richer ones, because of economical internetion made by their companies. After that a developing country might develop only a certain way suggested by factories' owner. Finally, the replacement actually does not make the world community closer but divides all countries into two big groups - producing and selling. It is clear that this situation might lead to a number of problems. To sum up, there are some advantages of many companies' decision to replace their factories in developing countries but I think that it's disadvantages are equal. World business community has to find the balance solving this problem and it will give an opportunity to develop economies of all countries.