Today people spend a lot of time in social networks. While some of them say that the main aim of such media should be sharing information and knowledge, other argues, that they should just be a source of fun. In this essay I will describe both of views and give my own opinion. Without doubts, such media as Facebook and Vkontakte are great source to provide information as they have million of people as audience. Some groups in Vkontakte have more than 5 million subscribes, for example, that is even more, than the audience of some Russian Federal TV channels. That ids why some people support the idea of using this media as mainly to share knowledge and information. However, many of such groups just entertain people with music and funny pictures and that is why become so popular. What is more, many people use social network only to chat or listen to music. If the main purpose of social media is showing information, they will become use less for such people. The second point of view is that social networks should be used mainly for entertainment. There are a lot of other ways to get information: TV, books, printed media and special websites, like Wikipedia so there are enough way to have information. Furthermore, such social, as Vkontakte or Facebook were established to let people communicate with each other and have fun and many believe that nothing should be changed. But that people don't count the fact, that a lot have change a rule media were created. Such social networks didn't have many users and tourget audience were young people. Today millions of people of all age spend their time in Vkontakte and Facebook and many newspapers and magazines have their online version in social networks. People today use their media not only to entertain, but also to share information and that process should be controlled. Personally I believe that both points of view are correct and social media both to entertain and to provide knowledge and information and they should not focus only on one aspect.