In our modern world a lot of international companies have tendency of setting businesses up in the countries, which are less developed, and of hiring local habitats. In my essay I'm going to cover a number of advantages and disadvantages and decide whether the pros and overwhelmingly more significant than the cons. To begin with, one of the most important reasons of employing local people in developing countries, is that this kind of workforce is much more cheaper for the companies, since in most cases there are not a lot of appropriate jobs available in the country or all the common ones are already engaged. Thenceforth, people are in constant look for a job and when an international company arranges a new facility in an undeveloped country, a lot of workers are needed, so this is a whole new opportunity for the locals. For instance, nowadays the majority of manufactures are dislocated in China, due to jobs for the people. Although, the workers' salaries are pretty low, but they don't have any options left. On the other hand, creating a business in a developing country might be full of problems. The main issue is the difficulty of transferring goods to the markets of other countries, which is pretty expensive, since the companies ought to pay not only for the foreign production of their products, but also they have to plan their "spreading" strategy and invest lots of money in it. For example, a famous guitar manufacture "Fender" established a facility in China in the 3rd quarter of the 20th century, but the fees were excessive, that they decided to cancel the transfers of the musical instruments produced their to other countries and to make the Chinese department of "Fender" manufacture the guitars and amplifiers only for the Chinese market. To sum everything above mentioned up, from my point of view, moving companies' businesses to developing countries can be benefitful only if the company is prosperous. Otherwise, if a company is in its initial stages this might be not good idea due to the amount of money, which are ought to be invested.