All things considered there is a remarkable overall trend of growth between 2006 and 2011. However, after that there is a shortage of investments closer 2013. Additionally, as it seen from the bar chart developing countries spend less money than developed ones though by 2013 they begin to invest almos equally. Mention the subject of worlds biggest companies moving businesses to developing countries and you are sure to get a mixed response. Some people claim that there are certain pros in this changes. Others consider that these are more cons in it. Let us take a cheaper look into the problem. First and foremost, huge worldwide corporations decide to move because new conditions hold more opportunities for their business. Poor countries are cheaper, so the employment of Cocals not expensive. This gives a chance for companies to save their budget and eventually drop costs for production which causes lower prices in shops for example and attracts new audience. Secondly, it is a help for business in poor countries to develop. Companies create new working places and bring more money into these regions. Hence all these measures are boosting the economic of developing country and talking it to the next level. However, there are those who cannot so along with this point of view. They assume that by leaving their origin countries corporations loose customers loyalty. People tend to consume either national products or trusted ones. Changing the country of location might loss of consumers. Moreover, one can think that employees in developing parts of the world are not professional enough. Hence, the quality of produced product suffers. It is obvious that new staff must be taught, so probably the products will never be the same after big move. To sum up, it is worth saying that worldwide business movements have both great and poor consequences. Undoubtedly one can argue that without th help of international corporations poor countries will not have a chance to catch up with developed ones. However, it is indisputable that until our world becomes economically equal it is each businesman's righ to decide on how to develop his industry. Though one should try to predict his intervention consequences in advance.