Nowadays social media are very popular. Some people think that these networks should be to share information and knowledge. Others believe that the main purpose should be simply to entertain. In this essay both opinions will be discussed. Let us begin with the first opinion, which stoles that such social medias as Facebook and Vkontakte should be just a source of information. It has reasons to be stated. Firstly, nowadays many people especially young ones believe the Internet sources of information more than TV, newspapers and other traditional media, because in the Internet they can find thousand of videos, photos and other materials about events, science and so on. Also, it is much quicker and cheaper to use Facebook and Vkontakte for looking for information about anything,. It usually takes several minutes while TV or Press journalists and experts need hours and even days to making reports. On the other hand, social networks were developed as a mean of communication, they became social medias later. It takes them a source of not only an information about different aspects of human life, but also a very good instrument of manipulation. For example, people can comment some news or articles in a very free way, which makes the threat of conflicts among thousands of users very high. Moreover, some bloggers and other popular people from the Internet sometimes use their popularity in political or social conflicts, and it makes them more sharp and dangerous for human society. To sum up, social media and networks were created for entertaining, to give people a chance to communicate, even if they are in different cities or countries. But because of their conversation these networks such as Facebook had to become a source of knowledge and information, which people discuss, and it is normal process. And in my opinion social media should be to share information, but people, who use it, should remember, that every information and every their world must be checked and weighed up.