Nowadays social networks play a great role in our lives, especially in the lives of the youth. The most popular social networks are Vkontakte and Facebook. Some people think that this kind of social media should be used for sharing the information and knowledge, while others truly believe that they were created only for entertainment. This essay will look at the both sides of the argument. First of all, social networks were made to contribute spreading the ideas all around the world. The main thing that Facebook and Vkontakte give is communication. It helps many people to socialize and being social outcast. From this point of view, it is adequate. However, some people indulge in a vitual life so much that they start forgetting about their real life and especially about their self-development. They waste their time and do nothing beneficial. Secondly, social media definitely should give us knowledge and information, it is evidely known that there social networks provide people with a billion of pictures, videos, different facts and so on, but these knowledge are not entirely seintific. These knowledge won't help you in your education or to get a degree. But still, if we are considering self-development, it's an efficient way of getting information. So social networks give us some knowledge, but it after happens in terms of the entertainment, to these two points are closely connected. On the other hand, social media shouldn't give us any information and we shouldn't learn via the Internet and there is a reason for it. It is certainly clear, that the information that the internet provides is not very reliable. We always have to double cheak it. That is why if you want to educate, to develop yourself, you should use more reliable sources. However, sometimes the infroamtion is pretty reliable but it is rather an exception. In conclusion, social media I should provide us both with the entertainment and with knowledge, so that we will know that we are not only entertaining ourselves, but also developing and becoming smarter.