Nowadays, with the development of new technologies social networking has because more and more popular, especially among young people. People can find several aims for this. Some use social media to be aware of current news, find and share some information are to follow life of celebrities. Others suggest that this network tool was created only for entertain people. Let's discuss this issue. many people find in social networking some advantages apart from mean of communication. First of all, there are some social media like Facebook, VK where million people joined. It is a great location where you can create groups on communities, get or share useful knowledge. For example, there is a group where present many lifehacks. You also can subscribe on your University page in order to know about websites, your schedule on interested interviews of your classmates. Secondly, social media is a fact developed environment in the path of creating business and attracting new people to your deal. For example, there are some students who started to sell fashion clothes for young people via VK. After looking a group in this social network they started to grow significantly and today they have several points of sell in the biggest shopping malls in Moscow. On the other hand, people who use social media to reduce after work or spend freetime. Firstly, it is the most popular mean of communication using not only by teenagers but also by adults. Secondly, in these sites allocated almost all videos from the net and you haven't different network sources. VK gives a great opportunity to listen music free. It also has all songs that can be imaged. Due to this you can add you favourite music, create your own projects, share it with your friends. Besides, there are a lot of entertaining groups who provides funny pictures about all spheres of life. And it can be a useful when in coming home from work. Finally, social media is great thing that provide us a lot of opportunities. It is hard to say what is the main purpose of these sites. Obviously a lot of people use social media as for entertainment as for sharing useful information. Creators of social networking believed that it would be a greatful thing to communicate each other.