Nowadays there are a lot of disputes about the contribution of air travel on the environment. Some people believe that airplanes affect greatly the ecology and cose an air pollution and global warming, while others do not share their point of view. To begin with, air travels gives people an ability to trade between countries, to transfer different technological items and to visit different regions. Moreover, there are a lot of families in which members do not live in the same countries. Air travelling helps them to support their relationships. Furthermore, while travelling, people learn about the culture of different nations, explore the environment, increase their knowledge about the world of just relax from the work and everyday problem. On the other hand, there are people who do not support their viewpoint. They consider that air travelling causes an air pollution and global warming and it is necessary to prohibit such amount of travelling as it exists now by introducing different laws. They claim that society should think more about the ecological problems of the world and stop using airplanes which damage the environment with different fossil fuels without any essential need. They believe that there are a lot of other types of transport which are eco-friendly of have the lower level of damage effect, for example, trains or ships. In my opinion, there is no need in prohibiting air travelling. Many air companies use materials for their airplanes to prevent global warming when the sun reflect of the plane during the flight. Moreover, nowadays the quality of fuel for planes increase each year because of the development of technologies in the world. This fact decrease the effect of fuels on air. And the main argument is that air travelling is the fastest and softest method of travelling or a long distance in the world. In conclusion it is necessary to mention that air travelling has different damaging effects on the environment, but the modern technologies help to prevent them and reduce the level of influencing on it every 5 years. That is why there is no need in introducing cars to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.