There is no agreement between people claiming that the number of flights for business and leisure should be decreased or limited by law and those who disagree with this statement. This problem been a controversial issue for many years as people became more concerned about the problem of air pollution. Two basic points of view will be considered in this essay further. To begin with, it should b said that nowadays the issue of air pollution is a vital problem for the whole population of the world as more countries develop their industry, many factory and spheres and so on. That is why people pay attention to air travel as the consequences for atmosphere are devastating. The matter is that law can b considered as one of the strongest means of influence the situation, while other mechanisms are not so effective. Moreover, the number of air travel is not likely to decrease by itself because it is a profitable sphere. So people have limited amount of resourses which can after the situation dramatically. In other words, only strict measures such as introducing laws can change it. However, there are those who disagree with this point of view. These group of people claim that such issue is insurmountable because of its characteristics. Firstly, some barriers such as law can stop the development of air travel business which can negatively affect on the further situation in the sphere. Secondly, in may be cases it will be an optimal measure for both sides. Two subjects (government and people or business) will not meet their needs. More precisely, people will be disappointed by the lack of number of air travel and business will loose a huge of profit. That is why the government may get another problem too. Taking all these points into consideration, I personally suppose that introducing laws to reduce the number of air travel for business is not an optimal measure which can make it better. The reason for such conclusion is that the consequences of these actions are even more harmful and dangerous then if we do nothing and leave the situation as it is. So our aim is to find new means of changing is to succeed.