The idea of transporting business to less developed countries and employment of the residents of those states seems to become increasingly popular among international companies. It is agreed that such actions might benefit the development and performance of the company, and positive factors of this kind of movement definitely outweigh the negative ones. This essay will discuss both advantages and disadvantages of such development and will provide a reasoned conclusion. First of all, moving business to developing countries provides access to much cheaper resources and labour force. Spending less money on these factors, while selling the product at the same price, will certainly have a great benfitial effect on a company welfare. For example, it is known that a lot of widely recognized American companies have their businesses overseas and produce most of the goods using workers from other countries. Secondly, people from developing countries tend to work more and harder to earn the money, whereas members of consumption - determined society, which is the precise description of developed countries, share the believe that they should work less and rest more. This way of thinking makes it more profitable and at the same time less pricy for international companies to move their businesses away from the original countries. However, it is also believed that most of the goods production developing countries using their resources are of the worse quality than products made in developed countries. People lean more and more towards locally - produced goods and chose them over those made in China, India or Pakistan. Moreover, simple establishment of the company in another country will consume a lot of time, money and energy and sometimes it is just not worth it. To sum up, moving businesses to poor countries will definitely lead to more benefits rather than detrimental consequences even though certain negative factors should be mentioned when discussing the topic. Nevertheless, it is believed that more companies will transfer their businesses to developing countries in the future.