Nowadays there are a lot of negotiations, concerning this issue as the social media takes a great part in our life. This essay will look both points of view on this topic and will give my personal attitude for the problem of social media meaning. To begin with, it is known that there are people who believe that social sources such as Facebook and Vkontakte are primarily educational and information sources. In these networks there a lot of groups or mini-societies which provide interesting news and valuable knowledge. It goes without saying that is better than to provide horrible stories or anti-government content. Also it can help to develop our children because nowadays there is a bad tendency. It means children don't care about how to gain knowledge or education. To support this point of view. I will give an example. Every day during one hour skim through the news in Vkontakte. That's why I know about all current events in my current and abroad. On the other hand, there are supposters of another point of view that the main goal of social networks is to entertain people. So, people would like to relax for hard work day or youngsters want to spend time after school or after gym, plaing games on the Internet. In this case, social networks are able to provide this opportunity. However, there a lot of people who want to communicate with friends and talk about their experience or simply to listen music. It isn't bad, so social media as Vkontakte can provide even this possibility. It should me mentioned that there is disadvantage of this possibility, namely that youngsters in many cases spend too much time, plaing games, listening music or talking with their friends. For instance, I am a sophomore of HSE and I every day spend nearly one hour for and this doesn't demage me in conclusion, it should be mentioned that all people can share different point of view on this topic. As for me, I consider that it isn't necessary to divide purpose and goals of social networks for entertainment purpose and information sources. I believe that every social media source can combine all these purposes as this will be more comfortable for consumers. It means that it is after your favourite online-source provides you with entertainment, information and knowledge.