In modern world when the world market is occupied by a huge amount of international companies it seems logical to them to relocate their sphere of interest to countries, that have not yet experienced globalization so much at central countries have and thus they are more easily to influence on. This modern trend has both strong and weak points which will be described in this work. From one point of view, international companies could help in developing countries, when company establish themselves in some poor country, it could stimulate its economy by paying for the rent to the government. Furthermore, companies could increase the life conditions of the local people by hiring them and thus paying them. For example, in 2006 the worldwide company "Interconnect" built its office in one city of Vietnam and employed a huge part of this city that resulted in enrichment of local habitants. Moreover, international companies could help the country to become closer to other countries and thus attract tourists that would also affect the countries economy in a good way. From another point of view, international companies could sometimes bring more harm than benefit to the country. Firstly, if a company manufacture some product and establish a point in a not-industrial country, that plant could pollute the nature and thus could be resulted not only in nature, but also in making local population sick and even die. Secondly, if an international company move business to a developing country and attract a lot of people there, that would probably result in perishing of local culture because of globalization. For example, in 20th century one company established in one African country where local tribe had lived. Soon the most part of that tribe moved to the city and thus the ancient culture had been lost. To sum up, the question of whether international companies bring more benefit to the country or harm to developing is everlasting and it depends in many ways on the country itself and on the point of view.