Nowadays social media in widespread among population of developed and developing countries. The topic of media functions is widely discussed. Some people consider that social nets help share information and knowledge. Others are sure that the main aim of such internet resources is entertaining. In this essay I will respect both opinions and express my own opinion. The first argument, which supports the first position, is the spend of sharing cruciate scientific facts in social fats. It is a common knowledge that young people are phone to share a necessary information with their classmates a friends in different charts and their posts or messages are sent immediate and received. For example, it's more convenient for a professor or, a teacher to type only one message to their students and send it to England than to use e-mail. Moreover, scientific publics with information post are read by millions of people. They comment, give their opinions and even publish their own small researches. For instance, some online magazines published on Facebook allow to find something new and offer your thoughts for publication. On the other hand, for number of population consider that the function of social nets one bordered by entertaining. Firstly, relax is the main goal of some people who spend time in the accounts of Vkontakte and Facebook. For example, they seek for funny photoes and comic videos without the features of an intellectual value. Secondly, communication with friends in an informal way is used by these people. Messages with a great amount of smiles and grammar mistakes are normal in society. Some of young people or teenagers collect a significant number of pictures, which impressed them. Moreover, they share own photoes not feel happiness when friends like them. For example, Instagram is not used as even the way of promotion of new products because of the fact that most users are interested only in posting their own photoes. Besides, it's impossible to post a scientific information in hashtags and text lactued there. All in all, social media have different functions. In my opinion, with the help of future development of social nets they will be able to strike the balance between informing and entertaining, but now most of these resources only entertain users.