The development of the Internet has brought such means of communication as social networks. Nowadays they are widely used by millions of people all over the world. Some people believe that the main aim of social network is information, while others think they are the means of entertainment. In my essay I will consider both points of view and present my own opinion. It's common knowledge that social networks are very functional, which makes them a great platform for sharing any kind of information and texts, audios, images and videos. People can interact using private messages, create blogs or post something on their pages. Moreover, the speed of information spreading on the Internet is the greatest. All these allows you to use social media such as Facebook or Vkontakte for knowledge and experience exchange. However, these platforms cannot be considered fully safe, as most of the information thee is easily accessible by other unfamiliar people. It is known, for instance, that violence, child abuse and proud are spread in social nets. Turning to the other side of argument, Facebook or Vkontakte offer a wide range of entertaining facilities to its users due to the fact that they have the already mentioned functions of media sharing. That is, these social media have become so popular among people of all ages because with its help it is possible to get access to gygabits of music or videos, watch photos taken in all parts of our planet or read some notes of a person discussing the subject you are interested in. Despite these features, there is a growing concern about the addiction caused by social networks, which is especially topical for the parents or teenagers. Youngsters spending hours surfing in the internet may miss school, escape from reality and become social outcasts. All the things considered, both points of view have their reasons to exist. Social media can be used either for interaction and information exchange, or for entertaining but both have its tourists. As for as I own concerned, a person should strike the right balance between communication and having fun on the internet and take advantage of all of these functions.