Nowadays social media make up important part of our life. A lot of social networking sites such as Facebook and Vkontakte make our lives easier. However, some people hold the view that this websites allows people to exchange information and knowledge with each other but others believe that they are one of types entertainment. In this essay I will look at both sides of arguments and give own opinion. First of all, Facebook and Vkontakte make the way of communication much easier. These websites allow transferring important information and knowledge to other people at only time. For example, your friend couldn't turn up for seminar because of illness but he/she need to learn important aspects of this seminar, so you can take photos of your notes and put photos on Vkontakte and send them to your friends. But some people believe that it is much better to explain some knowledge or secret information by face-to-face communication because your profile is not protected carefully. Moreover, most of people prefer to be explained new knowledge in real life rather than online explanations. Despite this, there is also point of view that young people use Vkontakte and Facebook only to entertain and to be in touch with their friend constantly. People believe that young people spent a lot of time on sitting in the Internet, which distracts them for studying and occasionally it leads to the fact that people have difficulties face-to-face communication. For instance, when two friends try to revise for exam together through the Vkontakte, they more communicate and entertain rather than prepare. On the other hand, people claim that communication is important part of socializing so people can use different ways to do it and Vkontakte and Facebook are now the most important measures of communication. Thus, social media really play important role in our lives. In my opinion, such social networking sites as important information when it's necessary but communicate with other people at any time and entertain, but we need manage our time effectively and do not waste a lot of time in the Internet.