Since globalization process started some years ago, more and more companies, especially worldwide corporations, move their businesses to developing countries causes of such "great movement" are different one companies just want to case their tax laws to earn more profit, when another want to reduce cost of produsing something by employing local workers from poor countries, who can and want to work almost for bread and wabes. Of course, that changes have both pros and cons, but I thing that advantages of doing so in long term seems to be much above short term disadvantages. First of all, lots discuss, what are advantages and disadvantages. Disadvantages are quite obvious: government in developed state did not earn their taxes, som employees from original country, where exact business starts, lost their jobs (in case of huge corporations it can be thousands of workers). Conveise, advantages are not so obvious, but it exist with no doubt. First of all business moving helps to create new workplaces in developing countries, that then change all of economy. Government will take extra taxes, state itself will be gain more and more investment, with becoming no developing, but developed country, that means millions of people will significantly increase their life quality. Finaly, life quality disproportional will became less significant. In my opinion, making better things to whole world are much more important, then making one countries live in rich when another haven't enough money even for feedeny people. Yes, life quality in developed country can base some points, but we must remember, that they are developed country now, so new sources of tax payment and new workplace is not big problem and can be formed rapidly. At the others hand, earning so extra advantages will be a mighty force, that can easy developing countries economy from deep below the ground literally to the shy. I want to say, tha we must remember of all our brothers - people, who in need due to the fact, that they live in "wrong" country. We can help them by only sacrifise a small piece of our life quality to increase it five times in developing countries. Genereally it is we, not people in poorer countries, who live in the modern world, full of opportunities to discover new horizons. And creating new jobs or finding other sources to fill government wallers is definetly not a problem for modern postindustrial state.