Nowadays a lot of people spend a lot of time on social networks reading different articles and videos. But have this networks for only the aim to nature your free time less boring or it contain also some useful information? There are a lot of discussion about the real goal of social media such as Facebook or Vkontacte: to make people's free time happy or to educate them. In this essay I will look on both opinions and support each of them with examples. First of all, both these social networks were created as a means of communication for classmates of people form one university. For example, Facebook was created as a place for American students where they can share with useful files for education. On the other hand, the way of using these web-sites has changed a lot. There are a lot of times or applications which make people to waste their time. It was made an interesting experiment when people stop using Vkontakte or Facebook about one week and as a result their productivity more then doubled. It shows that all funny videos take a lot of our time and distruct us from work. Another opinion bed less common is that these networks are made up by a lot of information which can be very helpful for education. It can be taken as a result different groups as "Just English" or "lazy English", for instance, which just on the Internet different articles or videos in English which are not get a lot of time but it is very helpful for those who want to learn English. But in contrast, not all people tend to follow groups with such content replacing it with different groups with jokes or silly videos or pictures with cats. According to conducted servay more than there fourth of users use social networks as a way to relax after school, university of work. In conclusion, there is still a lot of educational content in websites like Facebook, but it always depends only on people's needs and wishes how to use the chance for self-development. Because even academic books can be used in a wrong way don't let people develop themselves.