It is a well known fact, that our era based on echonomical growth and it is not a secret that many large significant companies try to expand their businesses on different world locations. And it is a disputable situation about their actions, when they move it to poorer countries. Let us discuss advantages and disadvantages of this economical development and take a sum of this. First of all we can look at this situation from the positive side. There are some reasons, why it is good for economy and society but not only for business owners. To start with, when this companies move their businesses to developing countries, they are give opportunities for huge amount of people on this labor market who could not found the job before in case of unstable economic situation, but now they can work and take salary for it. Next. It is cheaper to have factories in developing countries and as a result, goods which will be produced in this areas will be cost cheap in our markets, because it would not include extra taxes on rent and other factors, which are accumulated in products from highly developed zones. On the other hand, this phenomena has disadvantages. For instance, it is linked more with cultural problems. In particular, this international companies monopolize local markets, that people who want to organize their own business are meeting with different barriers and thy have hot power to fight for consumers. It also cause unification of goods which are produced in this market nd it can cause low quality, because, for example, if we will produce bread in North, where will be cheap labor, but poor grains, but in the same time try to produce fish on forested areas, we can got strange picture with low quality, which will include some methods like chemical attachments. To sum up, we can see, that this problem is highly discussed not only in micro (local markets) level, but actually in macro (whole world economic situation). And it is hard to say is it only good or bad phenomena, but if this businesses give profits for all sides, why not to expand their companies.