Some international companies have a strategy of moving to developing countries and searching fro workers among the local citizens. In several cases it is quite reasonable and effective for both companies and countries. However, such situation has its disadvantages, which will be discussed and evaluated now. One of the positive sides is that getting big and powerful companies to the developing country gives a chance of rising economical and political status this place. By that I mean that if the country gets something new to learn. It will develop faster. However, poor countries have a very small amount of suitable workers and teaching them takes a big time. The next good aspect is getting to local people a well-paid job. Such peace of work looks like a genormous opportunity of passing poverty for people are ready for a hard labour. One of thee problems is that there will be a cruel competition between potential workers or people will scare and no one will affend at all. Both sides will make some difficulties to company, and, comparing to developed countries, it will be harder to overcome. For company positive part of moving to another one country can be widespreading. In often words, money international businesses have campuses in different parts of the world, and even making the new one in the developing country can be seen as some sort of success. Nevertheless, making this decision is not right due to several aspects are called above. Taking such responsibility companies are in danger of getting troubles with its productivity, with getting new and useful employees and even with communication to other significant companies. As a result, without proper strategy, business can be ruined. As a conclusion I would like to add that moving of international companies to poorer countries have bright sides for this place itself, because it gets new technologies and knowledge about it. Sadly, it is not positive for companies, which have not a strict plan of working in such a new places. Negative aspects differ from the difficulties of getting useful workers. So, I suppose that considering countries advantages a stronger than disadvantages, but for companies it is generally an opposite picture.