It is common knowledge that the increased amount of flights has led to acute environmental problems such as air pollution and global warming. The governments are aleted with this and try to impose new taxes and change the policies in order to prevent total disaster. But the proposal of reducing the number of flights is questionable. This essay will examine both positive and negative sides of the issue. to begin with, the opinion that a lot of air travels in unnecessary has many arguments. Due to the developed internet and other technological achievements business can be run from any part of world. For instance, it is common way of doing projects nowadays - bringing the members of one project from the different countries in order to keep work running 24 hours a day. When some members go to sleep, others just begin their day. What is more, the laws of reducing the amount of air travel may encourage businessmen to develop economy of their own region. That can make a huge impact on national growth in the long period. As for travelers, the policy of restricting air flights may inspire people to travel across their native country and become more culturally awared. That are foreign countries, not the own ones that young people want to travel to and that should be changed. However, there are negative consequences of reducing air travel policy. Firstly, travelling broadens the mind and gives a different perspective to people. Not only cultural knowledge is known to be expanded after seeing the life in foreign countries, but also new efficient ways of running a business or even new economic spheres are discovered. Limiting air travelling may lead to decrease in economic activities and innovations due to the fact that air flights are the most popular and the fastest means of transport system. To conclude, air travel plays a great role in modern society both for business and leisure spheres. Although there is proof that the issue of global warming is caused by air travel, there are unfavourable consequences of limiting it. The negative changes can be both in economic and cultural part of people's lives.