Nowadays, more and more parents are addicted to their careers and they don't pay needed attention to their children. What are the causes of that tendency? First of all, in conditions of modern world, a lot of career and job opportunities become available and young ambitious people are tend to use their chance to prove themselves that they are worth something, make all their dreams come true. Thus, they don't have enough time for their children, as high positions and prestigious job often take all time of the person. Moreover, a lot of people work hard to provide their children with exelent education, and expensive entertainment. Therefore, parents have to spend all their time at work to get high salary, that allows them to pay for colleges for their sons and daughters. In addition, one more reason of this tendency is layed in inner worries and concerns of parents. Problems between wife and husband, cheating or misunderstanding can result in desire to run away from problems and some people see the way out of this situation in work. They spend days and nights in the office, do extra work and are willing to go to work travel. Thus, they forget about children and don't pay much attention to them. Spending all time at work by parents can lead to numerous family problems. Children can have phycological problems, can decide that mum and dad don't love them and they don't care. A child becomes closed, nervous and lazy, she or he doesn't want to talk to anyone and it is the issue that is needed to be solved obligatory. Moreover, when there are no parents, near the child, he can't ask for advice of share his feelings. Also, if parents are busy, the child is brough up by himself values, behaviour and identify of the child is formed without parents and it can harm the future of the person. To sum up, I would like to say, that children are great responsibility, and they need love and care and attention of their parents. So, all mothers and fathers should understand it and behave themselves in appropriate way, give not only material things to their sons and daughters, but spiritual values too.