It is hard to believe but nowadays, in the era of globalization, in the modern world, there are less and less time for people to share it with their kids. At least, it is true in comparison with previous generations. Of course, there were numerous nurses and governorns for chidren in rich families in the Middle Age and even next few centuries, so some of such children didn't spend their free time with parents until they become adult. However, this very topic is about ordinary people and the statement above is true for them. For example, our parents and grandparents compared to us and our parents. My mother was always talking me about times when she was a girl. So from her tales, her parents share all their time with family. Constraversely, I cannot say the same about me and my mom. As for the globalization and overpopulation of the world. There are less and less resources which can be used by one person, so every adult, even if one is a parent, try to work and work without tireness to become richer than one is. The reason of that is, respectively, safe instinct. It is difficult to survive in the modern world, so slowly but effectively, people becoming more jealous, more selfish and some of them - richer in the context of material and poorer in the context of moral and spiritual. However, in this chase from financial problem adults forget about their own children. Maybe some of them think that hour spent with a child is lost because they can take more money than they gave to a nurse for that very hour, but it is a mistake. Time shared with your own kid is a priceless time. No one except you can give love and care to your child. Even the most educated nurse in the world. Furthermore, forgetting this may cause numerous problems, beginning with deppression and ending, with some psychic deviations. That's how serial manias are creating. To sum it up, I want to say that if you have a child, you must love him and take care of him. Only you can be a parent for him, a real parent.