There if the problem with air travels because they impact on environment and improve global warming. As a result, the government wants to delay travels for business and leisure. As for me, I agree with a big importance of climat and air pollution but I think that this law will make more problems. I have three explanations why the law which reduces amount of business and leisure travels is a bad idea. To start with, the business travel is very important for a communication between companies from different countries. This communication provides countries by new financial assets which help for economy growth. If the government prohibit business travel, the stream of money can confront a lot of difficults and foreign companies will stop communicating. Then the country will threat a lot of losses which slowen the economic growth. The second point is a possible lack of entertainment for population. If they like relaxing at other countries, the government shouldn't prohibit to do it. Because there are countries which specialized on leasure and it is their part of the world work distribution. The last but not least, if government doesn't allow to travel to other countries, they should make own entertainment sphere which replaces foreign one. However, it is a big investment and a lot of time which are not available for some countries. The opposite side supposes that the air pollution is a very crucial problem and each country should fights against if because of global warming. It is dangerous because of a raising temperiature which kills some types of animals and plants. However, plants produce clear air for people in order to the global warming is a serious problem for future generations. As for the second point of view, I believe that there are a lot of other problems which causes global warming such as waste, car traffic and others. So that I suggest that the government should reduce impact of these factors which help people and environment. All in all, the law reducted amount of air travel is illogical and global warming is caused by a lot of factors which are easy for interacting.