There is no doubt that over the last several decades the number of people travelling to different parts of the world has significantly increased, causing various environmental problems. The question is, do the governments need to make people travel less for some purposes? In my opinion, it is not necessary to cut down on the amount of air travel for world and enjoyment. Here are some arguments which support my point of view. First of all, depriving people of the chance to travel for business purposes may have a serious negative impact on global economy. For instance, large companies will not be able to employ foreign specialists for temporary tasks as well as to send their specialists study abroad. Consequently, it is likely to lead to the decrease of the quality of work those companies provide. Furthermore, nowadays we live in a fast-moving world, where the vast majority of people spend most of their time at work, which means they need a plenty of time to relax. In modern society, travelling is considered to be the best way to get rid of stress. From my point of view, reducing the amount of travel will definitely cause great stress in society. On the other hand, there are those who claim that it is vitally important to preserve environment, so we need to reduce air pollution, particulary by travelling less by planes. Those people say that there are many other ways of travelling, such as by train or by ships, which people can experience. However, I don't agree with such opinion, since I believe that these days there is a great number of other sources of pollution, not only fumes from planes. It occurs to me that we need to get rid of other sources of pollution, since the reduction of air travel might influence badly other aspects of our society. In conclusion, although some people state that air travel should be limited, I strongly believe that it will not solve environmental problems. I really think introducing such restrictions may influence global economy and social harmony in a destructive way.