It is sometimes argued that the way to go about reducing crime is by making prisoners serve longer sentences. I don't believe that alone either sufficient or necessary, and that is why. 
The main argument for longer sentences seems to be the fear of punishment. Indeed, prison life is nor pleasant to most, and the perspective of it can serve to deter from crime. However, your usual citizen would find current sentences scary enough; and most crimes are committed by people who are either desperate, or think themselves above the law. Thus, it is unlikely that the change in numbers would influence those who would consider a life of crime currently. 
The purpose of isolation is the other one attributed to longer sentences. The less the criminal walks the streets, they say, the less harm he'd be doing. However, the history shows that, aside from rare ambitious criminals, for most people the amount of time they break the law isn't strictly proportional to their time out of jall. Releasing a hardener criminal an year or two late, you might just be delaying the inevitable. 
Let's lay out the negatives now. It should be no surprise that getting behind the bars is a very reliable way to lose your job, family, or education, as well as worse a future prospects of getting those again. Jail serves to break lives much more often than getting wayward sons back into the society, and for whatever reason the person ended up in the prison, upon release they might see no other option but to turn to crime again. the time they spent in prison certainly wouldn't help them with job applications, but it might, and often will, make them more well-used in the theory of theft. 
Then, there's the concern of being humane. Prisons aren't the healthiest, in both litarel and metaphorical sense, and if you're unlucky enough to be a minority, that might seriously damage your body and mind. It is probably safe to say that permanently breaking someone is too severe a payback for a minor theft, and the chance only increases with longer sentences. 
A good alternative that would both affect some of the prison's downsides and keep the supervision, is obligitary attendance of rehab centers by those just released. A specialist and a company go a long way about preventing someone from desperate or hasty moves, as is well-known. 
In conclusion, with all of the prison's flaws, we definitely don't need longer sentences. what we need is the way to make criminals aware of others which they would be hurting by breaking the law - and making them not feel as autcasts is probably a good start.