In our hectic world there are different types of people and everyone choose their activity depending on actual goals and interests. There are people who are really keen on their jobs and work, however some people prefer having more spare time. This essay will dwell on this issue and come to the conclusion. 
Actually, nowadays money makes the world rotating. Money is a crucial thing in our society, because everyone wants to have extremely modern clothes, glamorous cars, luxury villages and many others things. Having more money, give an oppurtunity to be a prestigious part of a social community. That is why people currently prefer to spend more time working at the offices or maybe working at home. Work is the one of the ways for getting salary, and people try to work as hard as they can for being satisfied with their needs. To say more, there are such individuals who just enjoy working. In other words, they do not notice how much time they spend doing what they really like and appriciate. And money for such individuals is just a pleasant bonus. 
Otherwise, people are different and they have various views. Our modern world with its new technologies and discoveries provides us with lots of attractive ways of having time. In some case, it sounds foolish to spend so much time working hard, breaking nervous system and being unhappy and depressive. For instace, according to social statistics, more than fifty per cent of people suffer from stress and illnesses, because of their challenging work process. Consequently, it is clear that people who prefer doing their hobby or just walking in the parks or even amusing themselves at home can be said to be the luckiest and the most positive people around the world. Moreover, if person is satisfied with his or her lifestyle, he or she does not intrested in getting huge salaries. Content person does not need money, because not money makes him or her feel enjoyment. As a result, he or she just avoid working not in the terms of laziness, a just for being in a good mood and being mentally health. 
In conclusion, taking into consideration different views and opinions, it is clearly seen that people themselves choose goals. Only people themselves can decide if they need to earn as much as they can or if they feel comfortably paying less atention to the job. From my point view, everything must be in balance, people should work and relax in equal way. Of course, if I were not a student, I would try my best to get huge salaries, albeit work would not prevent me from leisuring. 