In our hectic bizarre world family is highly valued by today's society. Some people believe that it is family members who have the biggest influence on kids and toddlers. Nevertheless, there are opponents of that view who claim that the whole society has an enourmous impact on the younger generation. Personally, i am sure that the most precious influence on a child can be made only by a family and its traditions. 
Right from the birth, a kid keeps in touch with his or her family on a daily basis. Relatives surround children every day and interact with them. As the result, the kid is taught how to walk, to talk and to do basic actions through the parent's outlook on life. Secondly, our genes play an essential and vital role in shaping indivinduality. The study conducted by American scientists in Chicago in 2012 showed that some basic and, as the result, permanent traits of character are passed through generations due to the genes. That is why sometimes a kid can have the same behaviour patterns as his or her grandparents. Finally, family traditions and customs have a bigger impact as the following acquired values will be shaped under the pressure of family ones. For instance, for some family watching TV is a destructive leisure activity, whereas the other family considers that type of relaxation as the best one. 
However, some people consider that friends, teachers, co-workers and some other 'strangers' bring more benefit to a child's development. For example, tutors at schools teach what is good and what is bad and propogate a correct outlook on life. The followers of this view say that after 6 years old, a kid tends to spend most of the available free time surrounded by his or her peers and as the result, gets acquanted with new ideas and values from other people. That is how youngsters learn new patterns of behaviour, new words, become sometimes rude or, as the opposite, become kind or acquire a new mindset. Moreover, some stress situations and challenges, which involve people 'outside the home', are more likely to affect children. When a kid faces new obstacles, he or she has to ask for help in order to overcome them. Sometimes a random passerby can solve the problem far more easier than a family member and thus give new knowledge to a child. 
To sum up, both views have considerable arguments and the right to exist in this world. Personally, I see the family as the greatest source of new knowledge, behaviour models, beliefs and moral values for a kid. Our relatives accompany us during the whole life and are always ready to give the best advice and to help in a tough situation. 