Nowadays the scientific world becomes more and more significant, new technologies and progress compeet with each other in infinite race. The first role was taken by separate associations, despite the fact of government contribution. As the result governments of different countries draw their attention to other problems while individual organizations fund and keep the science developing. Obviously, two opinions to this statement appeared and each of them ponders about the benefits and drawbacks of the destiny of modern researching. 
Firstly, it is wonderful that science still keeping one of the main roles in humanity's life. It is considered so because of private companies and associations of science are developing. The main advantage of this proccess is that researchers themselves are more interested in private fundings, they have instrumental motivation of getting a monetary reward. As the example, the Irving Stowe can be taken. He was the founder of "Green Peace"-he arhanization of preserving environment and at the same time finding new solutions with the help of the science. Today we know this giant organisation because of inspired people working there. 
Secondly, the lack of governments' attention to such an important branch of states' lives makes the situation frustraiting. Surely, the colaboration of supporting the science from both, individual associations and fovernment, could make the huge progress together. Unfortunately, the cons of this topic is in poverty of scientific spheres. For instance, people from the ruling organs don't want to fund and carry the perticular project, it loses its competence and it can't find new sponsorship among private companies. The spoiled reputation makes this research insignificant and useless from the organisations' point of view. 
To conclude, it is very important by whom the scientific projects are payed for and this aspect play a leading role in science developing. In addition, the opinion of the importance of private companies has its own prons and cons, only balanced analysis of two sides can lead us to unique conclusion. 