Some people prefer to earn more money and have less free time. Others prefer to have more free time and less money. 
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion? 
In our modern society, as in all the times, people have different motivations and expectation about their job. On the one hand, there are individuals who are eager to earn more money by sacrificing their free time, while, on the othe hand some people put their free time in the first place and do not care about the amount of money they earn. 
Enthusiastic people trying to earn more are bound to achieve certain goals. First of all, these people justify their position by claiming that they are chaising a dream. For instance, a person who was born in a reletavily poor family would like to improve his or her future by burying themselves in their work in order to achive economic stability in their life. Besides, some people may be in a urgent need for money when they or their relatives have some problems with health or they want to build a nice house in the countryside, which means that thay have to spend their time wisely by putting more effort into their job now in order to rest later. Moreover, a natural desire to live comfortably and being able to afford everything should not be neglected. 
However, for some people life without a huge amount of money but with ample time seems to be more preferable. Some human beings would like to spend more time with their family and friends as they believe it may enhance thier life and energy. Also, there are individuals who persuit extremely high moral values, therefore they neglect the material part of life and spend time with nature or in preyings. furthermore, some people underline the fact that for developing their persanality more time is requiered, that is why they prefer reading books and visiting galleries to loosing they precious time at work. 
To sum up, the desireable amount of money or free time depends on what people want. Some are in pursuit of economic stability, while others are prone to spend more time with their families or themselves. In my opinion, it is of a crucial importance to find a compromise, because we need to earn money first in order to help our families, travell or visit museums. Only by balancing these sides of life we will be fulfilled. 