Nowadays there is a tendency of carrying and paying for scientific research by private companies rather than governments. In this essay it is going to be overviewed and found out if the advantages outwaight disadvantages. 
The number of private companies which do finance scientific research programmes grow. They do it for multiple reasons, and one of them is fame. It is obvious that in case the scientific reasearch the company had been financing succeed, the company achieves not less attention than the researches themselves. However, the reasons are not so important, but the result is crucial. To pay for or to carry the research is a good idea anyway and popularity is a real pusher to try harder than government, for example. Moreover, private companies pay more to the scientists working on a project and the outcoming result can be better than expected. The main positive effect of this is that the field of science is developing faster and the humanity can faster achieve some engenuine aims. 
However, the governments carry out and finance less researches than private organistions, while the reasons must be the same. Governments should be also interested in national interest and fame. However, it does not stimulate governments to wotk on the issue. Usually it happens because governmental researches are less paid and it is not reasinable for a well-educated scientist who paid a great summ of money for his knowledge, to work on the governmant in case it is not going to be worh it. The main drawback of this is that the national pride downgrades as well as the governmental popularity and respect. This can lead to such problems as growing waves of protests or strikes etc. 
To conclude, I would like to summarize all ideas. The main advantage of the fact that private companies fanance and carry out more scientific researches, is that the outcoming result is striking. Meanwhile the main drawback of this is that the national pride level decreases and there are high chances of a wave of disagreement with the government to appear. 