In this day and age the issue of governmental policy concerning national and global problems is widely discussed. Clearly, it is hard to assist everyone in the world, as there are should be endless resources for such a mission. However, I believe that governments should focus not only on national troubles, but also on international issues in order to maintain stability in global community. This essay will discuss the topic and provide some examples. 
There are several arguements in favour of the belief that it is crucial to centre on global problems. Indeed, internationally important issues concern anyone despite a nation and a state of living. For instance, environmental problems of pollution and global warming. It is clear that no single country can solve such drastic problems on its own. That is why governments should combine their efforts to diminish ecological footprint and use of electricity, as well as to improve sustainability. Politicians should implement some changes at the global level, because these issues are of an international importance. It is vital to focus on these global problems together, as they might affect people of all nations adversely. 
Moreover, there are additional reasons to be for the idea of the global governmental focus. The issue of internatinal terrorism is prevalent today. The drastic feature of this problem is its across-the-board spread. As it is nearly impossible to protect people of a certain country from this threat, politicians should concentrate on collaboration to handle terrorism. If governments look at the problem from a global perspective, they might be able to find some ways to cope with it. 
To conclude, there are some issues that worry people all over the world and cannot be solved in the framework of a single country. Terrorism, environmental problems and other dangers should be handled on a global scale. In my opinion, these issues present a huge threat for humanity, therefore governments should focus on them very carefully. 