Some people prefer to earn more money and have less free time. Others prefer to have more free time and less money. Discuss both these views and give your opinion. 
Since times immemorial people have been ocupying themselves with various activities in order to provide their living, with the establishment of money some started to dedicate their whole lives to earning as much as possible. Yet in the contemporary world time happens to be the most valuable sourse, mostly because of its specific feature of irreversability. Hence some people tend to prioritize money over it. In the ffollowing eesay I am going to draw your attention to these views and share my personal view on the issue. 
To begin with, let me consider those, who prefer living wealthier life with less time for anything apart from their job. This kind of people are not be judjed for their dedication to career and desire to earn huge sums of money, hence, statistics show that eventually they find hemselves lonely, frustrated and unhappy due to the fact that they have wasted so much time just to surround themselves with material things, whereas spending time with family and friend or the loved one would make them truly happy. 
In contrast prior mentoned, there are people who do think of time as of a precious source that will make them live thriving and joyful life if used correctly. They focus on emotions, living in the moment and enjoy all the pleasurous things humans have been designed to experience. And this things does not exclude that these people can also be pretty rich, or at least above average, because they are aware of time management and self-discipline. 
Considering me, I srongly brlieve that time has much more to give than money. After all, everything happening to one in the moment creates memories which make their life unique, teach them their lessons and make their life worth lifing. Money has a great power and can solve a lot of propblems, but the most complicated ones are not about money at all. 
The coclusion to be drawn is that it is really up to one what to choose : man-made concept or paper bills, but as the saying goes "time is money". 