At this day and age the entire society is driven by goals, dreams and cravings. Living in a consumer society has its benefits and shortcomings, but luckily we are presented with lots of choices, to be frank. We are free to pursue any dream or goal we could crave for. Indeed, people do that, they succeed in their careers, in their goals and dreams. It goes without a doubt that everything takes resources, most importantly most precious ones: time and money. It is intriguing how people balance these two valuable things. Some prefer more of former, some prefer more of latter, albeit inevitably losing some of the second. 
There are certain repercussions that follow earning more money and having less free time. Firstly, if we talk about upsides, it is common truth that money is freedom. That means, if you have money, you can have any service, any product or any thing that you could wish for. Secondly, earning more money means opens up various prospects to increasing your capital, net worth. For instance, you can invest in stocks or earn interest from banks and earn even more money. However, there are downsides that are to be taken into consideration. The first thing that comes to mind is that money must be gained through work and work takes up free time. It is a usual thing, when a businessperson gets stuck in a loop of earning more and developing his business more, devoid of free time. In other words, there is no perceptible end. If you stop doing what you are doing, you are out of the game. Second thing is the question about leisure, friends, family - the other world. We often forget how time quickly passes and we often times regret not spending time with our nearest and dearest. At last, it comes without question, that our body and mind is in regular need of respite. 
Having more free time, but less money has its upsides and downsides as well. Firstly, if you have free time, you will acquire so many possibilities to do things you want. For example, indulge in reading, watching TV or going out. Moreover, you can spend lots of time selfimproving: developing skills or learning something new. Secondly, with free time you get more chances to spend time with your loved ones: friends and family. You can build healthy relationships with people around you and create memories for years to come. Alas, you have less money in this case. This applies certain limitations to your lifestyle in general. Obviously you have less freedom and some of the luxuries can be out of reach. Nevertheless, sometimes it would mean, that expenses must be cut down or even emergencies would put a heavy strain on a budget. 
As a matter of conclusion, it is quite a predicament, for there is no certain and true answer. It comes down to the personal preference, life situation and much more. Verily, there are numerous upsides and downsides in both of approaches, so it up to a person to decide by what rules they should live. 