Overall, the most popular were Science courses, while Arts lessons had the lowest interest among people durig the perion given. 
In terms of Sciese courses, the youth of the age between 18-25 presents more than a half of all attending people, which repredented (55%) and only 15% of people over 40 years old were interested in Science, compared to Art courses, where they accounted for 45%. 
Regarding Sports and Health courses, it can be seen that they were widely attended among 26-40 years olds students, while other groups, who were above 40 years and 18-25 years olds represented 23% and 15% respecti- vely in the 2012. 
Task 2. 
In there day and age, the question about who plays the most significant role in child's development is widely discussed. Some people claim that family does not need to pay a lot of attention on children and should give more freedom, while others think opposite. 
On the one hand, family plays a crucial role in for- ming child's life experience. First of all, because of their own experience, parents can give useful advice to their children. One clear example is my mother and her advice in terms of my friends and their intentions. In this regard, she gave me a lot of tips on recognizing good or bad people. 
On the othet hand, some people firmly believe that children's development based on ouside factors, which can have a huge impact in them. For example, people who make new friend in school have more broaded and wide thinking, because they are constantly share with thir friends new ideas and other things for discussion, which they do not want to discuss with their family. 
In my point of view, both family and outside factors play significant role in child's life. While friends pave the way for a more interesting life, parents can help children to tackle with their daily problems in orded to prevent future issues. 
Taking all views into consideration, it can de conclu- ded that children should spent their time with friends and family eqially and give all useful thing from both of these sides. 