In our modern world money turned out to be the most preferable thing. A lot of people are craving to have more and more dollars on their bank accounts despite the fact of spending their whole time at work. Meanwhile, others see true life goals in more spiritual spheres such as family and friendship and they do not want to sacrafise their free time for double salary. Both sides have tough arguments. 
To begin with, many people claim that without money life is boring. In order to spend your free time with comfort you must work hard. For such people it is better to spend two weeks in Emirates than two months in Sochi. Money give people more opportunities to make live more colourful and unexpected and working seven days a week is essential fot the purpose of getting higher salary. Furthemore, money give some people confidence. To avoid feeling pathetic lots of people tend to buy high-fashion items and luxurious cars. They spend most of their time at offices because only there they are a part of community. This way of escaping from loneliness can work for a while, however, it will not cure the soul. 
On the other hand, money is the least important thing in life for those who distinguish true happiness from false emotions. Still a lot of adults spend more time with their families and friends because they understand that only communication and feeling of commitment can make them happy. Money is just a tool to survive. For such people it is more crucial with whom you spend your time rather than how. In addition, working too much can ruin your health. People who sit in offices all the time have a lot of problems with back pain. That is why some people choose to go to the gym, for instance, rather than stay at work in order to get a promotion. Mental health is essential in every person's life and no money are able to cure mental diseases. 
To sum up, every person should decide for himself what worthes his time. As for me, it is necessary to find the right balance between your work and leisure. Money can give you power, costy items and opportinities to live in luxurious hotels but they will not give you true friends and self-confidence. In order to live an exciting life you should find your inner peace, motivation and strenth. Only the closest friends, family and your lover can provide you with these things. 