In this day and age, there are many discussions about our free time and our work. Many people profoundly believe that it is more important to earn more money, such people concentrate only on the working process and do not pay attention to their free time. It has no sence for them. Others oppose claiming that it is vitely important to have some free time, to relax, to meet with someone etc. Both sides have their own justifications. 
On the one hand, in our modern world, which is developing in such a rapid way, it is quite important to earn enough money. People have to mix bringing up their children, earning money, supply their parents and many other things which also needs to be paid for. Moreover, we cannot completely maintain our health without money. We have to pay doctors, for gym-cards, for our healthy food, which is also more expencive than, for instance, junk food. It goes without saying, that in such situation people would prefer to earn more money and have less free time in order to live better life. Nowadays, it is difficult to do all that things without working mostly all time long. 
On the other hand, working all time and not paying attention on our free time is quite distructive for our mental health. According to many modern researches, for example Maden Glimpsy's one, people without rest easily become depressed, they lost their motivation and, consequently, become less productive. Furthermore, is is a dangerous fact for our physical health, because mental one have extremely direct influence on our physical health. Here comes the circle: people try to work hard to earn more money in order to supply our health and, subsecuently, lose their health. It is also vital that people need their free time to meet some close friends, because, again, without friends the person can esily get depression. 
To conclude, I would like to say that, of course, it is important to strive long and hard to achieve all goals and to get more money, but it is more important to do that step by step. People do not have to loose their health just because of earnings. Many things are possible to do without much money, so there is no reason to spend all free time by working. 