In the modern world, ambitious people are often faced with the inability to strike a balance between a high-income job and time for hobbies and relaxation. There a people who would prefer earning a higher salary over having plenty of free time. They maintain that being more financially secure allows them to spend what little free time they have in a more enjoyable and meaningful fashion. Others, however, claim that no amount of money is worth the fatigue and loneliness that inevitably accompanies the lack of free time. Let us consider both views in more detail. 
For a large number of people, having more money is vital, whereas free time can be neglected for a number of reasons. To begin with, no amount of free time can provide a person with as wide a range of professional opportunities as a well-paying job can. For instance, additional training in a profession or a specific skill is often costly, and those who value the quality of their work inevitably have to sacrifice their free time and invest money in life-long education. Moreover, having more money and less time available for activities unrelated to work means choosing such activities more carefully. People with the busiest schedules might not be able to devote every evening to relaxing or watching television at home, however, they can afford travelling to exotic destinations, having luxury service provided to them and investing in experience largely unavailable to those with a lower income. Finally, money can be of great need in case of emergency, especially if health problems or accidents occur. In case a person needs to pay for surgery or restore their residence after a fire, it is not free time that matters but financial security. 
Nevertheless, there are also people who prioritise having a more relaxed schedule over having a higher salary. One reason for such a preference is that the process of earning a large amount of money is often accompanied by excessive stress. People who value time more than money can avoid professional and emotional burnout, sleep deprivation and other major problems that can occur if one has a packed work schedule. What is more, they tend to build stronger personal relationships and pay more attention to those closest to them. An example of that would be someone who chooses to work fewer hours and spend more quality time with their family and friends, thus not aiming for a higher income. 
To conclude, there are several reasons for prioritising money over free time, among which are extended opportunities for improving the quality of a person's work and getting professional training, being able to afford more enjoyable ways of relaxation and being financially secure in case of emergency. On the other hand, choosing time over money can help build stronger personal relationships and avoid health problems linked to stress. Personally, I would prefer making a better living than having more free time, primarily to be sure that any accident or dangerous life situation could be dealt with effectively. 