Nowadays job occupation takes one of the highest priority for every person. In this respect, some people believe that being occupied and, consequently, having not much leisure time is the best way of lifestyle. However, others argue that free time should be of the highest priority relatively to the financial aspect. This essay will dwell on the issue and discuss both points of view. 
To begin with, having a job provides you with all the means for living. By saying this I mean that money that are paid to you monthly can be spent on everything that a person may need including physical needs as water and food as well as social needs such as education or various social entertainment. What is more, every person has fixed vacation time which he/she may claim from a director. In other words, even though a person works hard, taking extra hours or being busy on the weekends, he/she will be paid some money to be spent on vacational aims, for instance, holidays abroad. 
However, having job to be the highest priority, the majority of employees nowadays forget about more essential things in their lives. First and foremost, there is a tendency these days that busy parents often leave their children with grandparents due to work, that leads to the fact that the formers encounter their youngsters extremely rare. Thus, the opportunity to have less occupation, but more time for close people is one of the arguments in favour of this opinion. Moreover, people lose themselves in a daily routine. By clarifying this, money becomes the way of life for them. Therefore, a person faces, for example, health problems as far as he/she is fully into a job and do not have time for enough amount of sleep or visiting doctors in unlike cases. 
In conclusion, there are many different points of view concerning the fact whether to opt for fully job employment or spend your time and attention on relatives and yourself as well. I personally believe that both these aspects of human life are equally essential for people, but time and priorities should be distributed in the right way so that people do not become idles, but are able to provide themselves and the closest people with everything that is needed. 