Many people ponder that family plays the most crucial role in children's education being the main social elevator for them. While some others are convinced that some other external factors and people are prone to form a child's mind and development. This essay will discuss both points of view. 
From one hand, family members have an important influence on the child's development. The first point to emphasize here is that parents are the first people in the life of the person, and there is no any doubts that they play a significant and very considerable role in their son or daughter's development from their birth: teaching how to eat, crawl, walk and then how to behave in certain situations. Overall, the parents represent the basis of their children's behaviour. Secondly, it is parents who are likely to spend all the possible time with their children. While educational centers and non-family members are prone to be temporal, parents are the people who give help and support permanently to their child from his birth and until their death. 
From the other hand, some other social instituions have an undoubted experience and significance in the child's life. First of all, educational organizations like kindergardens, schools, and universities are obliged to inculcate basic moral principles such as kindness and justicy to the child; that is why these centres play one of the most significant roles in people's development in general. Moreover, not only educational centres and their members, but also the general social environment has a great influence on forming child's principles, interests, concepts and tastes. For instance, close friends tend to considerably develop our thoughts, ideas and sometimes even dramatically change them, forming our inner qualities. 
To conclude, it would be important to highlight that both family members and other representatives of distinct social institutions outside the home have an underlying and powerful influence on the children. Nevertheless, taking all the arguments into account, I will still consider that it is family who plays the biggest part in a child's development, inculcating crucial moral principles and habits from our birth. 