In the modern world of today the jury is still on whether or not the government should aim to provide help for all the countries. While some people claim, that politicians should be concerned about the issues the rest of the world is facing, others insist that the government should only be offering support to the citizens of their own country. Personally I am completely for the idea that the sole and main focus of the country's power should be the wellbeing of the people living on its territory and I am going to highlight several reasons for that claim. 
The first argument I am going to mention in support of my point of view is going to be that the resources of any state are limited and distributing them to the other countries from the citizens can be viewed as unfair. The economical, natural and cultural resources that the government has at the disposal are not infinite. Therefore, by giving a helping hand to the other countries, politicians rob their own citizens and make them lack something that is theirs by right. For instance, when the head of the state generously offers monetary support to the struggling country, this most frequently happens at the expence of the working class, whom the government should be protecting in the first place. 
Another reason to prove that this opinion is valid is the fact that helping another state to thrive and to flourish can have negative consequences with the years to come. The countries are frequently competing agaist each other on the world arena in various fields, such as science or economics. By making another country more influential, the government is taking the risk of downgrading the position of their own state in the future. For instance, if the country is finantially supported by the other governments, it gains an opportunity to succeed in creation and advertising of the local produce and take up the sector of the world trade that was previously occupied by another state. 
To sum everything mentioned above up, I would like to stress out the negative outcomes of trying to offer help to all the struggling countries of the world. This is not beneficial due to various reasons ranging from the loss of the citizens' support to the risks in the conditions of the constant competition among the states. I sincerely hope that the governments will aim to fulfil their purpose of caring about the wellbeing of the country's own citizens instead of providing help to the other states. 