In this day and age many people around the world are pondering about the things that have a bigger impact on children. Some of them are convienced that the family in which the child grows affects him more serioulsy, while the other part is sure that that surrounding people and circumstances are more significant in this matter. From my perspective, it is undoubtedly clear that the influences from outside the home are the most powerful. 
First and foremost, children above 4 years old spend more time outside. To state such a point of view, the following statements are given: children start visting kinder garden, they meet new people in their life. Then, after it, they go to school. There children get the opportunity to learn absolutely new things about life. Moreover, it is at school where people start making friends. Hence, new friends means new points of view on diverse things, so this way the surrounding people and atmosphere influences the child's thoughts and thus actions and behaviour. Secondly, it is a well-known fact that people not specially start to behave and think the way their idols (people who they respect or simply like) do. For instance, as it was backed up by a large number of different researches, after having watched a cartoon, children are prone to start acting as its characters. 
However, there are some people that claim that a child is a reflection of his family. They consider that it is the family which fully effects a child's development because the family is the most respectful union in the child's life. As an example, in some religious countries like Pakistan or Iran, there people respect their parents and other elder people very much. Such happens due to several reasons concerning current traditions and historical background. 
To sum up, different opinions on this issue may occur. In fact, children spend a huge time outside with people of absolutely different views. There is also no point of denying that the family of the child play a big role in his development. Anyway, I strongly believe that all the surrounding people and things from outside the home are the most powerful. 