Some individuals are prone to have a higher salary and less time for their laisure activities, while others enjoy their pastime after job and have less earnings. This essay will discuss both positions and provide my own opinion. 
First of all, many people spend more time at work and gain more money because they want to satisfy all their needs. Owning a car or a property is a high priority for many people in our capitalized world, which dictates us to work hard to gain things that we desire. Moreover, the majority of families work to save money for their children's education, which in most countries remains very expensive, so that they can achieve their goals and dreams as adults. What is more, the great amount of people wants to travel. Travelling requires a lot of money, especially when we talk about remote countries. Thus, having a huge amount of money on your bank account opens the door to great adventures in your dream country. 
On the contrary, a lot of people prefer to work less and have more time for their laisure activities because they cannot stand mundane work. Indeed, it is a real issue for those who get exhausted or bored of their job very quickly and like to have part-time jobs. Additionally, many students or young adults opt for less time-consuming, and thus low-paid jobs as thay have too many assignments to hand in and too many essays to write, which makes them want to spend most of their time with their friends and family. Last but not least, for some people money is simply not a priority. These pople neither get tired of their job quickly nor they hav other things to do but they actually do not think that money can make them happier. That is why such people usually prefer to have less money and more free time to enjoy it eith their families and fiends. 
To sum up, some people want to have a well-paid job and less free time, while others prefer to have less money and a lot of time for things that they like to do. I am convinced that having a lot of free time is more important than money because having great and loving relationships with your relatives and friends is priseless. 