It is more important for a building to serve its purpose than to look beautiful. Architects should not worry about producing buildings that are works of art. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree with these opinions? 
The negotiations connected with the significance of historical sites take place nowadays very often. There are two opposite points of view: some people assumme that the main aim of all constructions is to serve their purpose, whereas, others are sure, it is essential to create buildings which would be historically important and attractive in their appearance. I suport the second viewpoint. 
At first, the creation of works of art is more beneficial than the construction of casual buildings. I suppose, beautiful sites are always attractive for the tourists and protected by governments. With the large influx of travellers, the country where these buildings are situated become more affluent. Whereas, buildings which look as the others, do not seem to be appreciated by people. For instance, if we look at Moscow City, these skyscrapers are quite unusual for Moscow and despite the fact they built in urban style, attract a great number of tourists. Thus, it brings a lot of benefits to this blossoming megacity because of rising tourism. 
Apart from this, architects should construct art works because it contributes to people esthetique development and their improvement. In my opinion, when people see some unusual and beautiful objects, they often get motivation to become better, to improve themselves. Namely, when people travel somewhere and see something magnificent, then they try to do all their best to come in this place again. Moreover, people start learning history of the buildings they saw, as a result educate themselves. Besides, it is very essential for children to be brought up in educated family. 
To conclude, it is crucial for architects to pay attention not only on the functions of the construction they build but also on its appearance, as it brings a lot of benefits by encouraging tourism and helps to educate people with esthetique values. 