Nowadays work takes all free time of people, so they do not have even time to have some rest. On the one hand, some people believe, that it is better to earn more money and less leisure time, whilst others suppose that it is all right to have more leisure time and fewer amount of money. I partly agree with the both of the ideas. 
First of all, earning more money approximately whithout free time means that people do not feel themselves healthy. So, the do not sleep enough, they cannot work and live sufficient life. Moreover, the do not have time to keep themselves fit and to lead a healthy lifestyle. They cannot eat properly, because of their timetable, so they have some snacks during their workday. But the major disadvantage of thes style of life is that they cannot spent time with their family and relatives. It means that they just come back from their work and go to bed to have strengthen and internal "power" to work the next day. If people chose this kind of life he or she may stay without family because he or she does not have time to rise children, to go on dates with boyfriend or girlfriend and do not have time for household chores. But this kind of people earn enough money to pay someone for cleaning, and this person can afford him self to have holidays somewhere abroad, to have good private car and his own appartments, and to wear clothes of famouse brends. Leading this sort of life can lead to mental breakes, because they have no support and have no enough rest, so one day they will understand that they are unhappy. 
On the other hand, some people prefer to earn less, but have more leisure time. To begin with, this kind of people do have families. Thus, their family supports him or her, so this person knows that he can rely on someone. Also, he have time on weekends for having picnic whith his relatives and friebds, where he will have fun and relax. such kind of person feels more happier, but he or she will not ba able to afford to himself and his family big house, traveling, maybe even private car and his children cannot attend to private popular school or university, because his parents cannot pay for it. Although, this person have time for sleep and to go to the gym. 
To conclude, I belive that people should find balance between work and time, because it is imposimble to be rich and do have free time. Therefore, person must stay mentally healthy, but afford to hiself sufficient life and prestigious work. Nevertheless, people should make their own list of priorities and decide what kind of life they want. 