Nowadays is usual tendency to watch movies and download music from illegal pirate resources, which copy original product and share it on the their website for their own purposes. But the social view on this practise vary across the countries and depend from relation of citizens to importancy of intellectual rights and country's law. In Western democratic societies people can think that this practice is illegal and unnormal, however people in not such democratic societies as European or American can think that practise of pirat copying is normal and So there ate two point of view on this situation with pirat copying. 
Firstly, almost all people in really democratic societies think that copying and sharing music or films on the internet and downloading these files is not acceptable for fair people and good citizens because if you do that you steal money from producers and musicians, which spend a lot of time, money and other resources for making this product. So in these societies pirate copying is bad and illegal. "Intellectual pirates" like a stealler, so they are punished by government and societies. Exactly by this reason there are a lot of scandalous deals in courts of this government. Intellectual rights as one of the main principles of modern democracy protected by Western governments. 
The other situation with problem of pirate copying in developed countries like Russia and other post-soviet countries. There are not culture of protecting of intellectual rights in these societies, so people such as musicians and producers of the films understand that government do not punish for pirate copying. For people of this country is normal and not amoral because they have another culture, another view on rights. They usually say, that they do not live in a good welfare state, so they only try to survive in this situation, when you do not have money for paying for music or film on the internet. 
All in all, pirate copying is not good deal, but in some countries is normal situation. I think it is not normal.