One of the widely discussed issues nowadays are: doing pirate copies on music and films. In these days Internet and spending time on the different websites have become an essential part in our life. There are two different points of illegal downloading films or music and importance of punishment for them. In this essay will be explain some reasons of agreement or disagreement with this problem and will be given some examples for better evidence. 
Firstly, it can be noted that musicians and film producers have author's patent on their product because it was their innovation. In consequences they lose a lot of money from illegal pirate copies. It is wrong because people must have a salary from their job. A good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary because he or she every day go to the factory and do their work. In this point of view it can be understood why people who do illegal pirate copies should be punished. 
On the other hand, there are some reasons why people disagree with punishing for people which do illegal pirate copies. It can be proved by financial opportunities of majority population in the "lion" part of countries in the whole world. For instance, citizen from the East European's country has a salary only 150 or 200 dollars per months. The same time, people want to spending their free time more interesting and try to relax with music or film. Unfortunately, original disk with music or film have cost about 15-20 dollars per disk. In this situation people don't have any opportunities for buying original disk. In result, it can be seen that we have demand on music/film from poor people and we have supply on free download all what you want in the Internet. 
Taking everything mentioned up into account I want point that problem with illegal pirate copies need to have other solution, because punishment only will provoke to find new ways of free download favourite film or music. Also, in my view, I absolute disagree with punishing for people who don't have any opportunities for buying original disk. Government need to find a new decision, for example, some charity payments or subsidiary.