It has been known that in the modern world the one uneasy problem of illegal pirate copies of music and films becomes more popular than in previous century. Many people involved in music or films production claim that they lose very big amount of money because of the pirating. However, there is another group of people, which believes that different tupes of art should be free for people, as they belong to all people in the world. Both groups of people have their own argument, and it would be interesting to know them and decide whether or not pirating is a bad thing. 
The first group of people which support the "anti-pirating" point of view claim that pirating damages the rign of pirate property which is one of the fundamental right of all humen. "Every intellectual properties belong to one who produces them" - they said. Also, They usually say that pirating damges incomes of musicians and filmmakers, so they worry others about the situation that the worldwide music and film industry becomes less productive and more dependent of government (which affects the quality of all types of art). 
The second group of people which support pirating usually refers to the idea of "free intelectual belongings". They proclaim that only private (not intellectual) properties can exist. Every mental idea produced by anybody belongs to everybody. For example, famous musician Phillipe Kirkorov has once said that he is ready to spread his music among people for free as real arts is more important than "real" money. It's very expensive performance to my point of view. 
In conclusion I would like to summarize all argument and give my point of view. I definitely agree with the second group of people as I think pirating has small influence on in comes of musicians and film makers. Moreover, I suppose that such ideological idea of "anti-pirating" promots social inequality and harm the spirit of collectivism. So, in order to summarize previous arguements, I suppose that arguements from the first group are irrelevant. So, the second group is definitely right.