Today in our society the problem of pirate copies is very actual. In many country the legislatures propose a laws about punishment for this, but in the world didn't exist some consencas about that. and this question is very discussing. 
The first part of peoples says that punishment is necessory for pirates. First of all, they argument that every work must have the salary, and the biggest part of tists salary is the sum of money that they gained when someone buying his product. Logically, that if nobody wouldn't to buy the original because he prefer to download the film or music for free, then artists will haven't motivation to create more, because his work can't give them a money. As a result, the industry of art to losing not only a money, but what more important, a talents who want to do genius creation and gain money for that. 
Also, other part exist too. Some peoples sures, that the punishment for sharing music or films for free is terrible idea! Firstly, they argue, that art should be free because everyone must have an access for all creations of art, for have more possibilities to developp. but not all peoples can buy every song, for example, that pretty for him, it's too expensive, and this man or woman may haven't a money for that. Secondly, when someone would to buy something, it necessary to know the quality of this creation and often peoples haven't some possibility to check it. For example, a music. One can't understand is it satisfy one's needs while hearing, but it impossible to hear it when buying. When pirates exists it possible to find concret song in Internet and heare before buying and then one know is it necessary to buy it. The same situation with films. Trailer of film can't give the information about real quality of product, and when someone can watch the part of film in Internet, then he or she will go to the cinema to watch it in the high denition, or buy blue-ray disk. 
Finally, personally I think, that pirate copies have many advantages and it really bad to punish for that, because sometimes it can't provide to money loses for creator.