Nowadays a lot of countries to try to decrease a number of imported products and provide their own population with all necessary food. 
However, I do not support such economical policy of government and think that it is more wise to import products from other countries if you are not able to produce them. In this essay I will explain my point of view. 
First of all, there are many various climate zones on the Earth which lead to different weather and nature conditions. For instance, North Korea after deviding from South Korea lost its agriculture but still had well-developed factories. Untill the 70s both countries suffered from shortages of different products: North Koreans had problems with food supply because they did not have necessary soil conditions for it, while South Koreans could not deal with the opposite problem. Therefore, even countries which one day was the one or are simply situated near each other need imported products because of different geographical conditions. 
Moreover, industrial revolution has led to big problems such as climate changes. It makes situation with different types of weather even worse. For example, one of the main rice sources of rice in Europe now suffer from a big number of snails and rising level of salty water. That is why Europeans have to import rice from Asian countries where wet weather is most suitable for growing rise. The same situation can be seen in case of the United States. Because of temperature rise local farmers are not able to grow some types of crops which once were essential part of the region. European fields help to solve this problem. This fact is another reason to pay attention on import. 
However, it is not good when one country depends on the other ones completely. Such tendency usually shows some economical problems which this country face. 
To sum up, I would like to say that there is not any country in the world which can provide itself with all necessary food because of different climate conditions. At the same time it is important to remember that full dependence on import is not a symptom of the healthy economy.