I strongly disagree with a statement that countries only need to producc the food that their own population eats and should aim to import as little as possible. Open economics model, first of all, helps countries to concentrate their efforts on their compatitive advantages and produce more food and make it more efficiently what makes the world economy more effective. Second reason is that because of import people can afford more types of food and can be more happier. The third reason is that open economy creates competitive environement. that stimulates companies to be more effective and provide more food with better quality for lower prices. So not only countries concentrate on their advantages but they also get incentives to make their poducts more affordable what brings more value to society overall. 
The first reason was the focus of cantries on their advantages. Brasil have one of the best climates to grow cacao beans, but they have no such technologies to make Oreo coockies out of beans. If Brazil decide to built Oreo technologies and USA start to grow beans they will spend a lot of maney and will get very small output, therefore it's just more effective for them to focus on their competitive advantages and produce both products more. 
The second reason can be explained on the same example. If USA and Brazil had stopped trading, Americans would've lost possibility to buy as much cacao as they want for same price, while Brazilians would've lost the possibility to find Oreo on shelves of their stores. So it is better to trade and eat more and be happier. 
The third reason on the same example. If Brazil had stopped to sell beans to USA, African countries would've been able to raise prices for the beans they sell to USA, because they will get more monopoly power. Therefore, it is important to have competitions on markets - it creates incentives for all producers to be effective and keep prices lower. 
Therefore it is crucially important to import goods. It helps to make economies more effective, provides people with more variety of food and makes international companies to compete so they become more effective and cheaper.