In the modern world the topic about spreading of illegal pirate copies of films and musical albums is discussed a lot. It is a popular belief that people who do not purchase original DVDs and albums are criminals and should be punished. I partly agree with this opinion. This essay will analyze problem from the different points of view. 
To begin, it goes without saying that creators of music and films lose their money because of pirate copies. For example, film producers spend money on new film comparing expected costs with expected revenues to gain the largest profit. However, just after the release of new film somebody copies it and wide audience has an opportunity to watch it free. The same situation is with new musical albums. In this case film producers do not gain enough money just to cover expenses. To prevent such occasions a large number of governments publish laws which prohibit illegal pirate copies. It is believed that it can solve the problem by punishments of those people who copy the film or album which has not got enough money. Such strict measures are also apprepriate for films which can be watched in the cinemas. If potential watchers have an opportunity to watch film at home, cinemas and film producers will lose huge amounts of money. Thus, people who try to copy and share new products just after its publishment should be punished. 
However, if film or musical album was published several years ago, watching it or listening to it for free should not be considered as a crime. When cinemas and film makers gain all possible money, famous films and not only films should be available for wide audience. Undoubtedly, spreading of films and music will improve ranking of film makers and musicians as more people will be allowed to estimate it. Apparently, the most successful musicians and actors are those who are famous among worldwide audience. This success could be achieved by copying and sharing music or films on the internet. 
To conclude, it can be said that illegal pirate copies may be regarded differently. On the one hand, they lead to great loses of money. Nevertheless, on the other hand, it allows to make musicians and film makers more famous.