Enviromental problems are becoming more and more visible every year. 
It is not a secret that governmet and also people themselfes should at least try to solve these problems. 
One of the biggest enviromental problem is air polution. 
It is already proved that air travel plays an important role in polluting air. So many people believe, that reducing the amount of air travel will help to make the air cleaner. 
Unfortunetely, this question is very complicated; it does not seem possible to have this question answerde immediately. 
On te one hand, air pollution could be mortal to nature and, therefore, human as well, since it leads to global warming. 
On the other hand, we should also pay attention to other factors, because air travel is not the only source that pollutes air and enviroment. 
To my mind, air travel is overestimated. I shoul admit, that it is very comforatble, since it is usually the fastes way to travel. 
But in my opinion, there are lots of destination one could get to without ussing plain. 
For example, a person, while traveling from Moscow to St. Petersburgh, could ude a train or even a car. 
Fossil fuels and gases provided by car lead to pollution as well, but compared to air pollution caused by air transport. it is less harmful. 
Athough we should use alternative transport more often, the gouvernment should not force us not to use air transport. 
At least because there are many places that are impossible or simply veru hard to reach without using a plain. 
We shoul keep in mind, that air pollution is much more that air travell only. 
There are so many factors, that create harm to nature and enviroment. 
As I've said earlier, car gases, even smoking and breathind produce carbon dioxide and, therefore, pollute air. 
But the biggest harm is, of coarse, provided by factories, especially the ones that produce metal and energy( from oil for example). 
The government has to try decreasing number of these kind of factories, or use alternative ways of energy and working with metal. 
Building nuclear power station instead of oil/gas power station could be very helpful, since it was many times Scientifically proved to be more enviromentally friendly. 
As a whole, it is important to keep in mind that solving this enviromenatal problem should be priority now, specially when we talk about air pollution. 
To conclude, we deffinately should use air transport less, sinse it pollutes air and causes to huger enviromental problems. 
However, we mustn't forget, that there are more significant factors, which lead to air pollution. 
So probably, it woud be more helpful to try getting rid of them, since they can easily provide even more enviromental problems.