Hardly a week goes without watching a TV-show or a movie. Nowadays people are keen on doing that, because it is one of the best ways to decompress after hard-working days. Someone prefers to watch a foreign comedy, while others are fond of local films, but the amount of latter decreases steeply. 
I strongly believe, there are several reasons for this phenomenon. First and foremost, the USA and the UK are one of the most famous countries in the producing of films. Actually, their films are popular and they are shown all over the world. So, we can watch it even uncounsciously by switching on a TV or visiting a cinema, because there are plenty of such films everywhere. More than that, these countries invest a huge amounts of money in film's production. So, their films are made with a high professionalism, amusing costumes and backgrounds and the most world-wide famous actors. It all attracts watchers from the whole world. It is also undeniable, that the plot and scenes of British and American movies are more exciting. While, as for Russin films, their plots are rather monotonous and repeat from movie to movie. So, they become rather boring to watch and feel like routine. Additionally, we can get acquainted with different cultures, get to know their traditions and mental features through watching foreign films. I am absolutely sure, it makes people watch tese films, because not everyone has an opportunity to travel round the world, to see all the amazing places of our Earth, to meet new people and to make friends. But films allow them to "touch" and to look at the other cultures and absorb in their atmosphere. 
Speaking about governments' financial support of their national films, I claim, that it is a must. Due to their investments local films will definetely become more dazzling, exciting and interesting. People from other places all the world will be able to expand their knowledge about the certain country. Furthermore, wathcing films made about local places attract these people as a tourists, as if they can see all the beautyness of a country, they definetely want to visit it. So, it can lead to the profit of the country's budget. 
All things considered, British and American films are more perferable because of their professional production, exciting plots, amazing decorations, amusing costumes and famous actors. And locally produced films should be invested by the governments to be at the same level with such films.