These days the number of illegal actions performed by the youth is growing rapidly. Firstly, this essay will focus on the ground for such a tendency, and, secondly, it will provide several guidelines that can be used to tackle this problem. 
To begin with, the main cause for criminal activity of young people is the growth of violence in the social media and sphere of entertainment, to be mor precise, cinema and videogames. Being involved into virtual reality full of cruelty and harrassment, the youth transfer this perception to the real world. If the boundaries between the virtual activity and social life become blur, an individuality does not care anymore whether his or her behaviour is acceptable according to the norms and values that are established in the society. There is a convincing evidence based on the latest research of psychologists that those people who are addicted to video games often see their own life in the same way. The whole world is just a level of a game for them. That is why they can commit robbery, steal a car or even murder a person they dislike without awarness of the consequences. The second significant reason of the growth of youth criminality is the lack or the absence of social support both of the society and of their family. It is well known that a child with deprived background has much higher probablity of becoming a criminal than his peer from caring family of the middle class. Growing up and having to survive in indifferent or even hostive world these people try to reach their goals with any means possible. 
Turning to the changes that can be implemented in order to minimalise youth criminality, first and foremost, it is is essential to work on educational campaings raising awareness of how dangerous getting involved into video games is. The second point is supportins traditional norms and values. They can also provided both through educational institutions, although the upbringing in the family is more essential in that case. Not only are the relations in the family significant for shaping the mindset, but they also play a significant role in psychological outcast and comfort of a person. If there are people an individuality can rely on in any life situation, he is unlikely to turn to activities that reject social rules. 
Summing up, both the school and the family are supposed to be effective tools in reducing the amount of crimes commited by the yough. They should concentrate on deeper interaction with each individuality, its mindset and life perception and have a proper influence on him.