Nowedays more and more people support watching British and American films rather than watching films that are made by local producers. There are a lot reasons why such people think that the first works are better than the second ones. By the way, some people are against this point of view and think that governments should spend more money on local films. In this essay I will prove both opinions and show with which point of view I more agree. 
First of all, the main reason why people prefer American and British films is the fact that the most popular actors play exactly in them. People watch films as they want to see celebraties. Local works rarely show them as the money that these actors earn sometimes are higher that the the sum of money spent on the whole local film. The second reason why films made by Americans are more preferable to people is that they are brighter, more amazing and more interesting than local films are. Creating films in America, a lot of people work on a plot, decorations and costumes. Unfortunately, producers of local films cannot afford this and they have to produce films sometimes using old materials: those that have been already used in previous films. The third reason for the fact that American and British films are much better is that English is an international language that is learned all over the world. Watching film in English improves your knowledge of language. Many people learn it and that is why films produced in English are more popular among those who want the language be perfect. 
In my opinion, governments should spend more money on local film industries as a lot of traditions are shown in these films. This art allow people to save thair customs and demonstrate of what they are proud. It is impossible to make it without good financial support. 
All in all, people should not forget about films that are made in their mother land. However, English films are important too. People should watch both kinds of films to broaden their horizons and not to forget where they born and how their home looks like.