Some people say that nowdays more young people start to committ crimes than ever befor. It is a bad tendency and people should think what can be done with this increasing persantage. In this essay I will write some causes of this development and give solutions for overcomming them to parents and teachers. 
First of all, many youngsters are trying to show their independency. They start to shout at parents, not to go to schools and so on, because they think that it ia a right way of independant living. Moreover, they star to committ some small crimes like poket lifting or shop robbery. I suppose that parents should speak with their children to stop this drammatic behaviour. They should clearly say what is right and what is wrong to do. Moreover, they can look after children more clearly to prevent some crimes. 
Secondly, many yongsters can be influenced by gangsters in films. They watch them and become to do everything to be similar to the heroes of the crime films of 90th. So, as a result they committ some crimes. For solving this I suppose that parents should show only kind films to children since the early ages. When the child grows up, they want to watch only films which have some sence and which let them thinking after watching it. It will become their behaviour which was made by parents in childhood. 
The last but not the least cause of this problem is some bad peers of children who do not have parents or their mothers are drug or alhogol addicted. As a result of the communacation with the friends like that, children become to be like them. They want to be a part of the team of that bad peers, so they do all like they. Furthermore, not only crimes are dangerous for them in this society. They also can start to dring alhogol or to take drugs since the early age of 15 or 16. To overcome and stop this trend, parents and techers should speak with children everyday. They should tell them all concequances of their bad deeds. Moreover, the important solution for preventing the communacation with bad peers can be the moving to some other town. So, choldren will try to start new life in new place. 
To sum up I would like to say, that there are many solutions for overcoming this problem, but first of all, adults should understant the main reason why their children have committed the crime.