Today in many countries around the world the level of crime is very high. Young people tend to commit more crimes than in previous years. There are different reasons for this tendency. In this essay I will outline some of the causes and provide measures that teachers and parents can take to solve this problem. 
According to statistics, nowadays the young are more involved in crimes than ever before. This may happen due to various reasons. To begin with, there are a lot orphans and children living in a street these days. Women and men who are not ready to become parents leave their kids who from this moment have to live on their own. Not knowing what to do and where to go, they join children like them and thay have to steal food and clothes to survive and it becomes normal for them to live such life, life of criminals. What is more, there are families where parents work to much and do not pay enough attention to their children, who eventually make friends with groups of hooligans and marginals. They do not have a good example of the righ behaviour, and that is why they become criminals. 
Nevertheless, there are ways to prevent this from happening and solve the problem. First of all, parents should spend more time with their children, they should raise them properly, explaining to kids what is right and what is wrong from the very young age. In addition, parents should control their children's activities and be aware of who their friens are and what they do in their free time. Moreover, not only parents, but also teachers should take part in forming the person, so he or she will not commit crime in the future. Teachers could give lessons devoted to crime and punishment, explaining the consequences of commiting a crime. Finally, they could organise additional classes, which could discover and develope teenages' talents and which would occupy them, so they will not have time for bad activities. 
In conclusion, the level of crime commited by youngsters has increased in recent years. There are numerous reasons for this situation, mostly because of lack of parent's control. But it can be solved with the help of parents and teachers, who should provide a good examle to children and show them the right way to life.