There is no question that air travelling is an comfortable and comfortable method in nawadays to get different places. In my oponion air traveling gives not many pollution then other tipes of transports. 
Air travel is more fast transport that prefer a lot of people. You can reach your country in several hours instad of several days. By the way, planes are the most safely transport in the world. As for me, I will choose air travel, because I like to travel fast and without problems. Besides it, cars are the most dirty type of transport and it is not correct to say that planes gives more pollution. Firstly, because the amount of cars are higher than the amount of air planes. In addition the number of different other transport also increase than number of planes. Bu the way, air travelling is not very cheap variant to travel for people. I will say that, for example, for me it is reach type of transport. Not every person can allow himself air travel. Because of it, man use cars, busses and other possible variants in order not to pay so much money. 
Secondly, I do not understand why governments want to decrease number of air travel, if this type of travelling is popular not in every social group. Planes are used by reach people and they cannot imagine theit lifes without this transport. They have many bisiness meetings in witch they have to resolve differt problems, may be world problems. In my belief that governments will not introduve laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure. I think it is not rational way, because of it can decrease the economical situation in the world, because business men will not be able in rapid time to resolve their business works and development will stops. 
In conclution, I want to say that air travelling is the most quckly and comfortable way to travel and will not be correct to decrease the number of planes. Many people will not understand this decision. There are many others more dirty and giving pollition transpots than planes.