In this day and age we can observe such situation on the global market: many industrial brands replace tiny local buisnesses worldwide. Many people suggest that this situation many lead to many harmful consequences while other consinsider it as absolutely normal and acceptable. In this essay I will try to analyse this case in terms of its advantages and disadvantages. 
To begin with, local small businesses cannot disappear at all. First of all, they are really cosy and it is pleasant for many people to visit such cute places. Furthermore, the link between seller and the client is established and it is vital for many people because they can ask for a piece of advice or recommendation what to buy or whether the good is fresh or not. Aditionally, such local shops can offer us fresh goods which possess better quality. 
However, these pluses of local buisnesses can be argued. So, the goods in local shops can be quite expensive and not everyone could afford some kinds of meat or natural dairy products presented there. Futhermore, it is believed that it is not so convenient to buy products in many different places rather than go to supermarket and buy everything that is required at one place. It is well known that nowadays it is possible to buy so many diverse products in supermarkets, from bread to pens and pencils, notebooks for school and even clothes. In such popular supermarket as IKEA people can buy furniture, food and everything that is needed. Additionally, you can have a lunch at the cafe nearby. I assume that for adults with children this option is preferable. Then, it is a special room in the building where the supermarket is located for kids to play and have fun while their parents do shopping. I guess that with our rapid pace of life this variats are convenient and can help save time and energy. 
Overall, to sum up I would like to add that in our life we shold opt for comfort and time managment because we have a lack of free time that is why global international brands can benefit.