Many people concern about the way, for example, a murderer will be judjed, because nobody wants to leave in a society where cruelty and violence will be not punished. They can claim that the reducing of a number of crimes can be achieved because of longer prison sentences. Others do not believe that it is the most effective way to reduce crime. 
First of all, people can say that nobody desires to spend a half of their life in prison. This way of reducing crime works because we use it. Moreover, it works because we do not go from home with a gun or some other thing to protect ourselves: laws really stop crimes. A person do not go to steal something because he knows that it costs a couple of years in prison. He could work legally and buy the thing he stole instead sitting in prison for that action. A fear of being punished will stopped him. What is more, the longer prison sentence can improve this way of punishment. A murderer can spend the whole life in prison, so he will think twice before he is going to plan a killing of another person. 
Nevertheless, others undreline that we still have crimes and people do not stop because of prison sentences. Thus, other people can suggest to return some old methods for punishments. For example, an execution for murderers because nobody has a right to steal someone's life, so it would be fair to steal murderer's life. However, we do not have only the murderers, we cannot execute for stealing. Somebody can suggest to cut the hand for that crime like in previous centuries. As for me, I do not agree that we need to add new methods of punishment. An execution is a medieval method, so I do not think that we need to make a step back in the development of our civilization. we must not treat violence with violence. 
To conclude, all people are different, there cannot be an universal way to prevent all the crimes and understand everybody's motives for a crime. we do not need to become as cruel as murderers for their deeds, so the best way is to give longer prison sentences. It is possible that in the future technologies will help us in that dilemma with the judjement of other human beings.