In the modern world the number of perpetrations committed by adolescents is higher than whenever in the past. This tendency is caused by a range of reasons and social problems, that still exist in our society. In this essay I would name several causes of juvenile crime and would try to point out measures that adults can be taken to diminish the number of crimes committed by teenagers. 
Firstly, as consumption has a prestigious role in modern society, many teenagers, especially ones from poor and working class families, realize that their parents are not available to buy them expensive gifts, and choose breaking the law as means of getting money they need to buy expensive and cutting-edge gadgets and technical devices as well as fashionable clothes. Secondly, due to widespread availability of Internet access and popularity of different sources of information, which portray crimes in a positive light, as acts of courage and gaining respect among peers and among some specific social layers. There do exist a number of movies which depict criminals as rich and powerful men, living adventurous and dangerous lives. There are some video games, such as GTA or Mafia series, which provide an opportunity to play as a member of a gang as well. 
However, there are some actions that can be made to improve the current situation with juvenile crime. First of all, teenagers should be aware of the punishment that awaits them if they break the law. They should realize that there is no "Save/Load" option in real life and that they take full responsibility for their unlawful deeds and actions. Besides, parents and school teachers should pay attention to adolescents' aspirations and help them to choose an suitable career, explaining them that the only way of achieving financial stablility and prosperity is getting education and hard work during all the life. 
In conclusion I would like to say that there are several inevitable causes of growth in the number of crimes committed by young people, however, the current situation can be improved provided parents and teachers express the willing to help their children and students to live a decent and lawful life.