The modern world is an astounding, yet a dangerous place. Nowadays, the crime rates among youngsters are higher than they have ever been before. However, the situation can be changed for the better. In this essay, I will define the possible causes of the current situation and discuss solutions to this issue. 
To start with, modern teenagers are exposed to violence everyday. Constant reports about murders and wars have made violence become a part of our lives, and it no longer seems to be something outstanding. Secondly, crimes and murders play a large role in the modern culture, being shown in practically every computer game, film or TV show. Both factors mentioned make young people perceive crime as something conventional, something that is possible to be commited by anyone. Lastly, there are not so many teenagers who are well aware of the modern laws and what kind of punishment follows a theft, for instance. 
In order to change the situation, numerous measures need to be taken. First of all, awareness of law and punishment should be raised. This could be done by organizing special classes at schools. Moreover, teachers, having noticed alarming behaviour of some sort, should contact the child's parents to discuss and prevent the possible problems that might occur. Secondly, with the children being more preoccupied with extracarricular activities there would be less time for them to break the law. To achieve that, parents should listen carefully to what their children are interested in to try and provide them with an opportunity to dedicate themselves to a hobby of their liking. Lastly, a more global step should be taken. So as to shift the way crime is thought of, our culture is to be changed. It is easy to make money on violence on the screens, but it also leads to certain negative consequences to be dealt with. 
To sum up, crime among young people is a problem that needs to be solved. And this can only be done by taking all the measures possible. Personally, I believe that occupying children with something of their interest is a great thing to start with.