Many people think that the best way to reduce crime is to give longer prison sentences. Others believe that there are better, alternative ways of reducing crime. 
Nowadays people of different professions are arguing about punishmets for prisoners who commited a crime. Some of them state that living in the cells in prison for a long time is a good way for criminal to change and become a good person. Others cannot agree with that point of view and they are looking forward to create new procedures of recovering. 
Fist of all, we should not forget that in ancient times in all big and developing countries in the courts judges usually made verdicts that took people's lives. All the citizens followed the process and then the criminal was accused and sent to the death thay went to the main square in their city and looked at the punishment. It was very cruel and violent but goverment suggested that such public performance helped them to keep their power and prove that their political decisions were right. However, nowadays human rights exist and most of countries signed an agreement where they had rejected killing criminals. 
Secondly, long sentences can be very useful if the atmosphere of this facility is helping criminals to unedrstand their gilt, to apologise themselves and others, to become a new person and be ready to return to the society. Of course, it sounds very idealistic but I think that it should be the main purpose of each prison. Moreover, the prison's stuff should not fight with the criminals and hurt them, they all should undestand their psycological and physical problems and try to help them to deal with it. 
To conclude, I would like to say that at the moment there is no good way to turn a criminal into normal person. On one hand people who are against prisons do not propose other options of making criminals better. On the other hand, long sentences can be very tough for an unstable minds of a criminals and even can kill them. So, I guess that it is a very big problem and everyone should draw their attention on it.