The data reveals information on tendencies of using Facebook between years 2012 and 2013. The prominent feature of the data appears to be it's diversification: we are shown not only bare figures of amount of users but also reasons for accesing the social network. 
Just by a quick look at the vertical bar chart we can grasp two features in terms of amount of Facebook users. 
Firstly we are to admit that there is a significant rise in the percentage of users accesing the social network from mobile devices. In March 2013 amount of such users rose roughly twice as much comparing to the same period of the year 2012. Speaking about another feature of this chart, the total number of Facebook users increased by the year 2013 but actually not so substantially as it was with the amount of mobile device users. 
Moving next to another chart - describing general reasons for using Facebooks - it is worth noticing that situation describe varies a little bit from the previous chart. Here no such strict conclusions can be made instantly. However, a more detailed look at the chart provides us with the information the the most popular reason for accesing Facebook appeared to be sharing photos and videos. Evenmore this mean also showed the highest growth of it's rate gaining 15% in it's popularity. Interestingly, how all the participants - all the reasons - didint show any decrease overall. In contrast to most of the participants, Receiving updates remained the same throughout the period given at the level of 39%. Other reasons for accesing Facebook which are Seeing funny posts and Recieving updates maintained moderate rate of growth by nearly 10%. 
Thus, by examining charts given we can conclude that overall popularity of Facebook between years 2012 and 2013 definitely increased by any means. The social net gained a substrantial amount of mobile device users and also we've seen that there were also risings of different intensities by any resons for accesing Facebook. The only exception was shown by Recieving updates mean but still it didnt show any decrease remaining at the same level as it would be in the year of 2012.