It has been discussed for centuries whether criminals have to stay in prisons as long as possible in order to hamper their illegal actions or there are other ways to achieve this goal in every state. This essay argues that jail is not a decision of this problem; however, both viewes are considered. 
First of all, the main way to prevent some society members from criminal deeds is education, because it affects a person's consciousness at first. To put it more precisely, if a human is tought that crimes, murders and other types of illegal actions entail only punishment they can one day be persuaded by this propositions. For instance, today many prisoners who have comitted crimes are tought by professional psychologists and the majority of them really changes their life style. Secondly, the punishment of crimes could be toughened up in order to keep at bay some dangerous for society's safety individuals. For intstance, in the USA no the long-term isolation (because a person in this case realizes that he or she will inevitably leave a jail in the future) but the highest form of punishment - kill - motivate people not to commit such deeds. It could be also added that the purpose of reduction crimes should affect not only educational and law systems but also all social spehres where inadequate or craving for money people are under control and observation. One convincing example is special places where criminals can realize their intensions not in a harmful way; for example, they can, being under control of doctors and policemen, take care about seniors or children. 
On the other hand, prison in the best teacher to convince a criminal of his or her mistakes. As it is widely known, a person who is prisoned face a lot of obstacles such as pressure of other criminals, abuse, deficiency of food which could be taken by more popular and strong prisoned ones. To set an example, many criminalas spending at least a quarter of life in jail and suffering an infinite number of problems try to live a completely different life when they are free. Moreover, the fear of a long isolation from loved ones or family members and a singnificant lack of communication, what to a certain extant affects persons' mind, can persuade criminals to abandon the type of satisfying their financial or other needs. 
To sum up, moder society is highly concerned about criminals' destiny and the problem of crimes reduction and mane measures are taken in this field. But I strongly believe that prison cannot provide society members' safety without additional attempts to improve this situation in many life spheres.