It can be surely stated that during the last two centuries humanity has achieved significant results in transport, making our life more mobilized and comfortable. Nowadays each man can commit quick movements wherever he wants thanks for cars, trains and especially plans. Nevertheless, air transport demands a lot of resourses from the Earth, dramatically interfering its environment. Whether the main world governments ought to take certain measures to decrease the amount of flights related to business and leisure is a controversial issue worth discussing. 
There is a group of people, which can be named environmentfriendly, that believes that the main reason causes air pollution is air transport because of its harm influence on the atmosphere. To begin with, the common researches give a graph illustrating the way of global warming. According these researches, all types of transport contribute to the ecological disaster; the main culprit is a plane. Moreover, every flight produce such a big amount of carbon dioxide that can be only produced by hundred of automobiles. The building of planes doesn't solve the most important problem of the Earth which threatens our existense. So why we continue to construct more ones? In addition, flights committed are generaly not very essential, because our ecologu does not have to suffer from someone's business desires. 
Other people claim that it is undoubtedly exellent to understand that each point of the map can be achieved in a few time by simle using of a plan. Hence the special laws putting limit on this type of transport are not necessary at all. Firstly, sometimes we need to move from one country to another in a very mobile way, because of several reasons. A plan represent a good tool for such task. Secondly, air transport can even simplify the exchange of knowledge. In its turn, it may helps people to make new science and art achievments. 
Overall, despite all benefits of flights the level of air pollution and global warming don't cease to increase. Personally, i think that we are able to alter this system and upgrade it. Hopefully, in the future people will put more attention to the environment issue and will try to forget about their private interest in favour the Earth.