There is a stong belief that the most effective method to decrease the level of crime is to give prisoners the sentences for longer period of time. However, many people are convinced that there should be alternative ways to make the level of crime drop down. This essay discusses both sides of the question, and offers one of existing solutions. 
It is clear that being in prison for a long time can frighten potential criminals. Moreover, the risk of spending all their lives in jale can force them not to commit the crimes. 
Nevertheless, if the sentence is not for all life, and the prisoner can one day go out from the jale, it is evident that he or she will be angry with all the entourage. Thus, in any case, the society stays under the danger. So then it is crucial to invent other methods of punishment. Nowadays, people from many organisations which have a deal with this subject regularly present their projects on the topic of different solutions. Some of them support the idea of reducing the number of prisons, while others offer to start paying money for appropriate behavior, or to obligate people attend special courses on how to be social, and so on. 
Evidently, there are indeed many effective ways to force people not to become criminals at all. However, if the crime is already committed, there should be a method to punish criminals without strict and cruel actions. For instance, in some countries they create in prisons good conditions for criminals, so that they can read classical literature, attend technical courses where they can study new disciplines to work and earn money, walk outside and communicate with each other. So, a prison that is made according to a model of phsicologicaly healthy society cannot solely punish a person, but recreate him with repaired personality. 
To conclude, I would like to stress that the cruelty of human beings cannot ever create their well-being, while only being kind and understanding can help us to reach a high level of life and reduce crime.