In the modern world we face a great amount of social disasters. Crime committed by young people is one of the most nowadays burning issues because we are responsible for them as they are our future. Unfortunately, the situation has become worse recently. In my essay I am going to think of reasons and possible solutions. 
I believe, there exist many reasons which cause this phenomenon. To begin with, horrible life conditions make people commit crime, especially children. Such basic thing like hunger or lack of money and clothes often can lead to death. Homeless children or children with parents who have some problems with health (drugs, alcohol) grow literally at the street and learn how to survive by stealing things or something worse. Moreover, the spread problem is the bad influence of young people's peers. This is a commom situation when a child wants to be a part of the company and lose connection with his or her parents, become unable to see that everything is getting wrong, and the family does not even notice. Such children can commit vandalizm, steal, begin fightings. They do not know responsibility and think that it is just for fun. Obviously, in all cases children experience some social problems and chose the wrong path. 
No doubt, the problem needs to be solved because our future depends on this generation. It is very important to watch and control the process of grwoing, becoming a person. Firstly, parents should pay more attention to their children, to show them that they are not alone, that they are respected and always have somebody to share their problems with. Parents must not lose the connection with young people, but must stay the part of their lives. The proper attutude will never lead to such thoughts like ''commit crime, be in a bad company". Concerning teachers, they have to practice some social sanctions if they see not appropriate behaviour. For example, low marks, more homework, additional work after lessons, endorse "good" pupils and so on. 
To sum up everything I have just said, I can state that crime committed by children is a very important issue that can be solved. In most cases parents are the one who are responsible for it. The role of family is the key component for children's growth. It is a fact that we can control young generation and make young people good persons.