In a modern society it is usually claimed that the amount of crimes, which were permitted by the youngers, rocked to a significant high. Many people stands on the position that the lack of attention of teachers and parents causes this situation, however, there are another angle of view. In this essay several aspects of this problem and possible variants of their solutions would be provided. 
To start with, the problem of rising amount of murders and robberies may be affected by the Hollywood action films. The most popular genre in the XX century includes all the aspects of dark life. Moreover, in the three quarters of them main characters are members of mafia or want to join it. Parents or teachers may try to attend kids to listen to a classic music, watch ballet or participate in a chess championship, but the way if modern life is obviously contained from quiet work and does not include any physical actions, where young people could find adrenalin. As it seems to modern researches, the only variant is to show children in your own example that cruelty is not the unique variant of achieving their goals, moreover, in the most cases it leads to imprisonment or even death. 
The other side of the problem is the prejudice against young people, when the attitude to them is negative without any previous foundation. Unfortunately, such an attitude causes real problems for the young people, who began to believe that they cannot be good ore they do not need to be such people, because others would not believe them in any cases. Such discrimination is popular in the western countries, especially in Northern America and Europe against the black and Mexican citizens. Teachers and parents should grow tolerance in the growing generation, if people literally want to live in the next several years. Nowadays, we are standing on the border of the third World War, which is shown greatly by figures of crimes, where the young are participated. 
To sum up, it should be said that this problem definitely significant and actual in our modern society and every government, teacher, parent and just person should as much as he can to solve it, because it leads us to a really dystopia.