Business always was an issential part of our world and the fact still remains so. But in these day and age many small businesses are disappearing in contrast with famous multinational brands. This process was inevitable but the question is still strong - whether it is good for our world or not. Down below I will discuss some advantages and disadvantages of this issue. 
On the one hand, large and well-known brands are extremely useful: they mostly provide some high-quality goods being sertified with time and public judgement. They are widely spread in all developed cities and there will be no problem for us to find one of those. Inherently, people can find anything they want in large shops with self speaking name. In contrast, there are some downsides, of course. Usually those brands swell up in all directions in the economy and do not allow the others to develop. They monopolize the area and control it only by itself. Naturally, that fact cannot do good for the country being developed and democratic. 
On the other hand, small businesses can get us all the goods we are looking for and sometimes they are even better than those from the famous shops. People do not mention them in front of their faces or just do not want to because they do not believe in them being good enough. Sometimes completely undeservedly and that is unfair. The main benefit is that in the local shops citizens can always find some goods they would never be able to see in the big shopping centers. They are also spread throughout the towns that are located quite far away from the political and economic hearts of the country so it is convinient for all people living everywhere. Small brands have no place to develop and no fresh air to breathe and that is the main reason so many people are afraid of them being unknown. 
To sum up, we naturally can do nothing to prevent the large brands from growing even bigger and to help the small shops to develop. However, the further spreading may cause a catastrophe and full monopolization which would be completely undesirable and would ruin the whole world balance.