There is no denying that nowdays, thanks to the modern medicine technologies, using illegal drugs in sport competition become seriouse problem. These are some different ways how to combat this phenomena. One of the solution might be ban for sportsmen, using such drugs for a limeted period. Another suggestion is to ban for the rest of sport activity. On the one hand, it seems more wisely to ban sportsmens for a limited period, because it is enough time for them to understand the consequences of such unfair action. It is important that punishment has a long-term effect and one of it's goals to change people behaviour. If sportsmen understand the danger of unfair game and ready to make right decsion, we sholdn't restrict his sport activity forever. It is also important that sometime such crimes commited under the influence of surrounding. If governments take action to banned some illegas schemes in this field this influence will dissapear and athletes may be allowed to take part in competition. On the other hand, if punishment for using illegal drugs too soft it leading to the situation when other, "clear" before, athletes start participate in such illigal action, because they don't afraid that their sport career would be disorder, they could use this interapts in sport activity for trainings and return to the sport with new power and without any shame. As a result, timeless restriction could prevent this situation. Another advantages of ban for the rest of life is that decrease in number of organization involving sportsmen in using illegas drugs. For instance, if every such sportsmen will be banned forever, it is simply unprofitable to search new people every time and develop their body and strengh from zero point. As far as I'm concerned, we should have different form of punishments for unfair athletes. The specific type have to depends on different factors, such as type of sport or level of competition. For instance, for those who commite this crime for the first time ban for a limited period is possible, but for those athletes who break the rules multiple times, the timeless ban only allowed. In conclusion, it is important that level of punishment relate on the level of crime, so we have to use as ban for a limeted period as timeless restriction.