There is no doubt that nowaday production of food plays an important role in economics of any country. But there is a controversial issue about it: some people consider that country should provide all food for its citizens and try not to buy much food from other countries, however, other people do not agree. In my opinion, countries should import much production from differen countries. To begin with, processes such as import and export really improve relationships between countries because each country get benefit. Some countries can produce so much food of a certain type, for example, chocolate, that country, which produce, cannot sell all chocolate to its citizens. In this case, a country may sell chocolate to other countries on the world market. So, the producer gets money from selling, when other countries get necessary product for its citizens. In addition to this, some countries are not able to produce some certain kinds of food or may have bad conditions for it. For example, in contries of Africa there are not suitable conditions for growing rice, but this kind of food may be really necessary. At the same time China cannot produce much amount of chocolate, but the demand of citizens on this food is high. So, countries have to import some products, because they cannot produce enough amount for all citizens. Consequently, every country can get whatever its citizens want. Finally, if a country does not import any production or import little, it may look like a country does not want to cooperate with other countries. It may cause many debuts, because today the world try to aim to the globalization. Also a country, who import little production, may face some troubles in economics, so, in this case, a country will need a help from other countries. As a result, the globalization may help, so, countries should trade with each other. To sum up, I can make the conclusion that countries should import food. Nowadays the world straves after the globalization, because it has significant pluses, so, countries should trade with each other, and help to each other for development of the whole world.