Nowadays the dismal trend for athlets to use illegal drugs to improve the results of contests is increasingly popular. As a result, some people believe that the athlets who use such drugs just only should not be allowed to any other competitions for the rest of their lives. However, others claimed that such bounds are too strict and it will be enough to ban them for a couple of years. On the one hand, people who have the experience of using any drugs in sport informed about the improvement of their contest results, so it may be impossible to reform their habits. The main reason is that they already find the easiest way to succeed in competition and the question is only weather they will be caughd or not. Moreover, it should not be encouraged in any sport to find an illegal way to achieve impressive results, so banned athlets would be a best example of inavoidable punishment for cheating. On the other hand, such people who ready to risk their careers to be the best ones in their area worth forgiveness. They put a lot of efforts and devote an impressive amount of time to gain great results and they will be forbidden to do sport for some time for violating sport contest reols they will realise their mistake and do anything possible to deserve a recognition. In addition, such people may have an incredible potencial, so sport may lose the best of athlets by banning all of reols violators for the whole life. As far as I'm concerned, it is almost impossible to change person's habits, so a chance for him to improve is quit low. Moreover, once people envolved in sport realised that cheating will not be significantly punished the number of those using drugs may increase dramatically. Obviously some people worth being forgiven and returned to sport, but they are not the majority. Consequently, the punishment for using illegal drugs shuld be strict and inevitable in order to decrease the repeats of such situations in future. Overall, the increasing popularity of drugs in sport activities is frightening, so it is nesessary to take and immediate action in order to tackle this controversial issue, which created a topic to discuss for many people around the globe.