Nowadays, we have so many sport activities and competitions but the level of using illegar drugs in sport is increasing. And more and more number of sportsmens want to receive drugs for success in competitions. In this essay I am going to examine the question from both points of view and then give my own opinion on the matter. On one side of the argument there are people who argue that athletes that were caught when they are using illegal drugs should be banned from sport competitions for a limited period. The main reason why people think that is because illegar drugs can help athletes to achieve success in competitions much better than usual training in gym every day. And people suggest that it is not serious problem to ban sportsmens for competiting professionally for the rest of their lives. That is people realise that it is possible to use illegal drugs for impoving own possibilities in sport and it cannot be pinished so hard. Moreover, people suggest that athletes cannot do without illegal drugs to be successful in their sport activity. On the other hand, it is possible to make the opposite case. There are people who argue that athletes should be banned from competing professionally on all life, if they use illegal drugs. People believe that the using of illegal drugs is very serious, and it influence health of every person. Saying about athlets, we can notice that most of them use illegal drugs very often. And impact of drugs can lead to the death. And that is why we should ban athletes that use illegal drugs from competitions professionally for the rest of their lives. That way, we will sae their health. After all the using of illegal drugs is very harm for our organisms. And after such banning they will realise that illegal drugs influenced their health and they will have opportunity to improve their health. To sum up, I would like to say that both arguments have their own merits. However, I tend to believe that we should ban athletes that use illeger drugs for the rest of their livs to realize problems.