A lot of scientists of economics belive that a production of food should cover all their country's needs but this Mercantism in the food production has problems in the vary of food, better conditions to growth more and specializing on production that is most effective for country. First of all the world has not country that can produce all types of food thats we have now in the market of developed country. When country stop their import of fruits, meals, and etc. country decreases their vary in food in the market that may badly cover getting vytamins. Therefore citizens become less healthy. Secondary Mercantism in the food production is impossible to get benefits from trading of food. Every country has specific location, land, to produce types of food. These conditions are very essential for quality and quantaty to produce food. Denmark has not positive moments from production of oranges, however has benefits from meal or milk. Many types of crops never exist in other conditions. For example in 1961 year USSR tried to growth corns, but in the end land was damaged and corn had not grew. Thus conditions of country say what is most possible to produce in the food. Last thing includes thing that specialization on the production food that is good in the country's conditions gives trade's benefits and economic power. For instance Spain produce wine and Portugal that produce oil. These states are the best in each products. If Spain produce oil and wine, that will be bad for trade power of wine and money that have Spain from the sails. New product in comparison with Portugal made have problems with sail due to problems with competition. It is effective and optimal when country has specialization on what they do in the best conditions for trade and economic power. Personally, I assume that every country should have specialization on the productions of food that will give more money from trade. Also trade will give food vary, that will be good for citizens' health. Alternatively, countries will spend capital worthly.