The crime activity among younger generation is the issue of concern in many countries. The reasons of increased attention to this topic is the jump of the frequency of law breaks among youngers. What is the cause of such unusual growing of criminal activity? And what steps should society take to prevent futher increasing of crime commiting children and teens? As for my opinion, the main reason to law disobediance is lack of support from other parts of society. That is why parents and teachers should be ones to fix this situation by giving more attention to youngers they look after. 
The social pressure, stress, depression, troubles with friends, first love and lack of time are the main problems youngest generation faces very frequently and knows too good. Teens hormonal changes and mental distability prevents them from solving these problems successfully all alone. That is why they tend to solve situations in a very radical and dramatical way, which often leads to commiting a crime. On the other hand, almost all young people have or should have special grown ups to look after them and help to become a good part of society. Lack of this help leads to the stated problem of growing criminality among youngs. 
Thus, parents and teachers as people closest to young generation should take the situation under control. The most obvious idea to do it is to give more attention to children to children and teenagers. Indeed, it is known, that it is common situation, that parents are too busy earning money to get into all details of their child life As for teachers, they often have too much people in class to give proper attention to each individual. But from the other side it is possible for both parents and teachers to cooperate and notice worrying tendentions together. For example, teacher is able to feel changes in whole behavior pattern of his students and give know parents in case something wrong, and then they would take a closer look on changes in their child behaviour. 
All in all, it is clear that rising crime committment rate among youngsters is a fact society cannot close eyes on. That is why both parents and teachers should give much attention to younger generation in order to prevent this situation to continue by giving younger people support they need.