Some people think that it will be better for countries to have own production of the food in order to provide own population with foods and the fittest sending aboad. I agree with this topic and I will discuss about it Countries need to produce the food. This process include different area of production. Moreover, providing the food is develop the economy inside of countries, because people by own production food and other people who work on food stations or make food countinue to work and get salary. In addion, the prices on own production food is not high for citizens For example, people will buy more their country food than other products, because it will be cheaper and more comfortable for them to be sure that food is fresh from their countries. Thus, countries have to produce own milk, meats, fruits, vegetables etc In my view countries should have a goal to import much less product than consume. It is important to provide own population with own food, because it develop an economy of countries Furthermore, many countries dream to have own prodation for whole population, because it means that a country do not depend from other countries For this countries need to import little products in other countries. For example, one country produce milk produest and some of these producst sell for own population and others send to second country. There will be not milk products for people from first country and they need to buy and bring milk products from other countries. Therefore, people will be angry and unhappy, because milk products will be more expensive than owns and less relaible in due not knowing about their qualities. As result, country will depend of other countries and in any global problem it will affect significantly on all population. 
In conclusion, I think own produce in a contry provide works for own population, the food and a good economy Countries need to produce own food and import as little as possible in order to be successful in economy and undepend from others.