Crime is an issue of increasing concern in the modern world. Even more dangerous is the alarming tendency of rising youth crime cases. This might stand for growing anxiety in the society and law's - respect by non-adults. As possible effects of this trend I can mention social unstability and lack of intellegent human resourses in future. Though there are people, who should guide their children and in order to prevent catastrophic damages to the humanity in terms of dangerous coming generations. 
To eliminate the problem and stop this unhealthy crime wave, we must find out reasons for it. In my opinion there are two main causes: historical and psychological. A century ago, people of my age have been working full time for 5 years. The usage of children's hands in manufacturing, farms had been widely spread unlike education and equal rights: prosperious families could afford to send their kids to schools while carpenter's children began to work from very young age. Nowadays the situation has changed and young people do not have to earn money since they are physically ready to. Thus, more freedom resulted in less control and young people began to use their time for commiting crimes also. Being supported by families and sometimes by the government, kids feel protected and might look for some interesting activities besides school, which is a psychological reason for them to do something illegal. 
Crime is an action of disobeyment and representation of person's disagreement with given rules or his life circumstances. In teenager's souls rebelious thoughts are growing. If not carefully guided, their flame and energy will go away and burn everything down. So, parents and teachers as main advisors should take care of young people. They must create a comfortable environment and atmosphere of love to make them feel good. Relationships in family are the most important thing determing young's beheviour in future, so parents shoud behave respectfully to their child thoughs and personality as well as teachers. 
To conclude, young crimes are upsurging, which is a problem leading to serious negative effects on the society. Because of freedom spreading teenagers began to feel allmighty and do everything they want. To prevent this behavior parents and teachers should do everything to contact with children in a good and tolerant way.