Some people claim that musicians and film producers lose a lot of their money because of pirating, and so people who download illegal files, instead of paying money for original product, should be punished. There are different points of view on this subject. There are strong reasons to agree with this point of view, but I can't agree completely. 
It goes without saying, that pirating things is a crime, which is stated in law of almost any country, and breaking a law leads to punishment. Many big companies, for example, Disney, have sued other small companies and individual freelance users for downloading and sharing their movies among others for lower price. There is a good reason for it - ones who pirated their movies, made money by selling them to other people. Another argument to punish pirates aren't by corporation problems, but small ones. If the famous musician loses some money because of illegal copying, she or he still makes a lot of money and stay as popular as she or he was, where smaller artists, so called indimusicians, don't earn much money and pirating makes their income so low, that eventually they are forced to quit the career. 
On the other hand, illegal pirate copies might do good for some artists. There are quite a lot of people who decide to actually buy a music album or movie disc after listening or watching illegal copy, and they wouldn't buy it in another way, because they weren't sure if it is good or not. Also, sometimes media products are overpriced, so some people couldn't afford it. Of course, these are not essential human needs, but in modern world, where media surrounds society and every individual, it is difficult to resist on psychological level - person feels need in staying tuned. 
In conclusion, pirating music and movies is illegal and should be punished, but there are some reasons why people who do this shouldn't be judged, by people who don't, to harsh, as there are some nuances in modern society that lead people to stealing things on the Internet.