In modern sport industry more and more common because the use of illegal drugs by sportsmen to show belter results on competition. According to that fact, two points of view appeard: one people believe that it is right to ban such athletes from competing for a limited period, while others insist on banning them for the rest of their lives. Both views are popular nowadays, but who is right? 
First of all, we should research how the use of illegal drugs affects human organism. People, who stand for permanent ban often claim that drugs cause changes in human health, that cannot be reversed. So even those sportsmen, who used to do drugs but then stopped have a serious benefits and can show better results than those who never even tried illegal drugs. According to that, it is undebatable, that we should ban those people, but if it is not right, we don't have a clear reason to disqualify them for the rest of their lifes. 
Never the less, it is obvious than people who use illegal drugs to win controdict the idea of competitive sport itself, where everyone is eiqual and training an will age the most important things to succeed. I do not think, that we should allow people, who once betrayed the idea of sport, to take part in competition. On the other hand, just as any criminal can change and be the normal member of society, sportsmen who were cought on doing drugs should be given a chanse to change their attitude to sport. 
And the last, but not the least is the fact, that not everyone who uses illegal drugs even know about it. There are some cases, when sportsmen were treated with drugs by their trainers or even doctors without even understending it. So, according to this, we can't know if someone used drugs by his will or not, so punishment should not be permanent. 
To sum up, I'd like to say, that there is no doubt that using illegal drugs is a serious crime in sport, but we can't ban people permanently without knowing every aspect of their situation, which is impossible.