Nowadays, the use of various types of devices and other pieces of technology is a substantial part of a life of an average human being. However, a concern about the way this technology may affect health, is growing. I argue that a substantial number of health problems are related to the utilization of modern technology, and that those problems could be reduced by both increasing the number of health protection measures and the further development of technology.

Firstly, one of the most notorious effects of using computers and other devices is the damage to the eyesight.  This particular type of health problem is fueled by an increasing number of digital data which can only be consumed via a screen or a monitor and the widespread use of digital entertainment.

Ways to avoid such problems, however, are being developed as the screens and monitors produced nowadays are far more eyesight friendly that those used a few decades ago. Therefore, it is probable that this trend to develop technology which is increasingly health-friendly will eventually lead to an invention of screens or other devices that could transfer data in a less harmful way. Moreover, an introduction of certain exercises and safety measures such as limiting the time spent in front of a screen has shown great results among regular population. These safety measures could contribute to the solution of this problem.

Secondly, a shortage of phisical exercise related to a widespread use of various types of devices has resulted in an increasing concern about the obesity problem. Since people using technology particularly often spend more time connecting computers and cell-phones, they can probably have less time for other leisure-time activities, such as sports and outdoor games. This, in turn, leads to a decrease in the number of calories burnt which results in a problem of gaining unnecessary weight.

However, this problem is not unavoidable either. A substantial number of digital entertainment products such as Nintendo-Wii video-games actually involve different types of phisical activity which could and should be popularized in order to be efficient, though.

As a conclusion, it is vital to notice that an increasing use of modern technology could be the root of a significant number of health problems, thich could be solved by both the development of health-friendly technology and use of other means of health protection.
