The discussion about the degree of freedom in culture is one of the oldest among important social issues. Some people think that this freedom should be absolute, and there should be no bans or restrictions in creative sphere. However, other people suppose that clever restrictions and ways of interaction are necessary in the cultural sphere too. As for me, I agree with the first position. Bans and limitations for creative artists are not necessary. Moreover, these restrictions have the great negative influence or the country's development and our well-being. Firstly, we can see the major negative consequences of such policy in history and modern life. For instance, restrictions in the Soviet Union closed closed country and breaked practically all links with other states and cultures. As a result, the only platform for interaction with foreign colleagues in Russian culture now is a culture of the 19th centure and the beginning of the 20th century - "the Golden" and "the Silver" centuries. Soviet culture is nothing, and this fact creates difficulties for international interaction. Secondly, the restrictions and limitations create economic underdevelopment in some extent. Such type of policy causes very negative climate for new business ideas. As a result, economic growth became slow, and economic performance became poor. For example, in the majority, of Asian despotic regimes between the 17th and the 20th centuries there were cultural restrictions and even bloodest repressions, and these regimes and states were totally unsuccessful in the economic development. However, in some countries we can see the positive examples of cultural restrictions. For instance, the French law about keeping the French language free from foreign invasions allowed the French language to avoid a fate of the German language, which includes now many English words. There are no negative cultural and economic consequences in this case, and the influence of this law is only positive. To sum up, I can conclude that in the majority of cases government restrictions on creative artists have a negative effect, and they are not necessary. But in some circumstances we can see positive effect too. It depends on context and situation.
