Some creative artists are used to expressing their attitudes and ideas in a radical way, so, people suppose that there should be government restrictions. Others are sure that whichever way of expressing ideas is choosen, artists have rights to create freely without government frames. So, which point is right? On the one hand, the freedom of speech gives people an opportunity to say the truth and to show their attitude even through the arts. It's a possible way of getting to know what citizens really want. Moreover, such types of art as music, pictures, films, books help ordinary people to look at the reality from the different sides. This activity not only can broaden our minds, but also make us be worried about our future development. Critical view is the first step to changes, that's why if creative artists can do this, can analyse the system, can find out problems, they are welcome. In addition, there is no art with limits, because they are like walls that are going to stop us. Finally, democratic countries have to give their citizens the way of saying what they want to. On the other hand, such expressing ideas can distroy the whole system because not all of them are oppropriate and reasonable. The rules and restrictions can bring some order into government process and prevent revolutionary movements. The main problem of creative artists is that sometimes they replace the good ideas by the radical ones. So, some of them are too thinkless and they do not analyse what outcomes can be achieved. Finally, government as the most powerful system, have to always be regarded as the saver of people's safety, so restrictions reduce the possibility of radical movements and antigovernment spirits. However, even if artists can be against the government and they are going to express wild ideas, there is no metter to forbid their activity. As the purpose of art is to create not within the system, but out of it. There are a lot of examples in the world history when talanted artists were punished by the government because of their new view to the reality. S. Dovlatov, Brodskij wanted just to promote their attitude to life and were sent out of our country. To sum up, everybody should have a chance to say "a word" and there is no metter about what, because due to these ideas people bring opportunities to show a better life.
