It is a well known fact that we are leaving in the modern world, where people try to do all the possible things not to waste their priceless time in vain. Airplanes are the fastest means of transport that save our time from spending it pointlessly, while we are travelling. However, there is a great concern about airplane’s contribution to air pollution and some people truly convinced that government should restrict using it so often without any special purpose. The question is wath discussing.
As far as I am concerned, I believe that introducing law will not sufficiently change the situation; problems with air pollution will not disappear and life of many people will become dractically inconvinient. Firstly, it sounds impossible to establish the particular time limits to use airplanes. It is a subjective criteria which things are the most important and which we could observe as useless ones. Secondly, it seems to be a challenge just to imagine how people will able to travel to the different parts of the world. To put it bluntly, it would take long hours and minutes to get to the destination by the use of car or bus. Not mentioning the fact that people after this will definitely feel tired, exhausted and nervous. In addition, people face the process of globalization which means that it became a typical thing for many people to organize their business abroad as to finally find a rewarding job with competitive salary and excellent career prospects. Living standarts of life are various, people are able to explore the world and find what suits them most. Now it would be possible, if government prohibits to use airplane on business trip?
However, there are some people who believe that airplanes are the cause of air pollution. If we restrict the amount of air travel, the situation will improven and not so dangerous to our healf.
I cannot agree with this statement, because there are many other problems, like carbon dioxide which contributes more detrimentally than airplanes. Moreover, these people are seemed to have no foggiest idea how to travel to far-distance parts without airplane in order to pay a visit to their relatives or just to enjoy the amazing view of a sandy beach near the crystal sea. It would be reflected the economic too, becouse businessman would stay discontented with this law and unwilling to spend time in waiting.
In conclusion, the idea of such law sounds ridiculous and impractical and nobody would benefit from it.
