Air travelling gained a great popularity level for the last few decades. People use this kind of moving for a wide range of purposes, including business, leisure and military aims. Of course, routline use of planes and another air vehicles leads to the air pollution and destruction at the atmosphere. But total cancelling of air transport used for entertainment can constitute other problems.
Air pollution is one of the most essential issues worldwide. It’s constantly discussed in scientific societies, mass media features, and even in everyday talks of usual people. The greatest part of air pollution is contributed by air transport, which produces erosions and poison gas. If the amount of pollution would continue, the world as we know it today would had been disappeared due to the lack of oxigen. Some people consider that it’s necessary for governments to introduce special laws in order to restrict flights for business and leisure. Such restriction might provide more pleasant environment in the world and clear up air that we breathe. Governmental orders is considered to be the most effective way to change any social problems, so laws and prohibitions made by the country heads, could help very well.
Nevertheless, this laws might leas to another problems, which seems to be not less global. For example, the abcense of business and leisure flights is expected to contribute unpleasant social mood and a lot of protests as a results. Moreover, it could produce illegal fly links, that would help people to solve their travelling problems. In this case air pollution won’t stop, and even been connected with criminal business. In mu humble opinion, governments should create special measures in order to decrease air pollution, but this measures need ro be not as strict as laws. For example, it’s a great way to create social advertisment to call people for air care, or to produce new materials, which could change oils.
Thus, air pollution constitutes a real problem nowadays. There are a lot of various measures taken to make the situation better, and governments are the main characters in this process.
