Nowadays in our modern world air travelings became to play a significant role for every people. We can not imagine our life without flights by plane. The purposes for air travelling may be really different for everyone and depends on the individual needs. Some people go to business trips, some vocation. There is the opinion that flights do harm to air pollution and global warming and that is the reason why authorities should introduce laws to reduce plane flights. I completely disagree that there should be reduction of plane flights for several reasons.
First of all, air travelling now is the most comfortable and the fastest way of reaching another locations.There are a huge amount of businessman, artists and others who change their place of work very often. That is the reason why flights are the best option for them to travell. For example, going to Ekaterinburg from Saint-Petersburg by train takes 36 hours and by plane only 2. There is a unbelievable economy of time. It would not be exaggeration to say that a lot of air travel is necessary for a majority of people.
Secondly, travelling by plane is the safest way of transfering. Scientiest made a lot of research and gave us a numerous statistics that show that planes crush really seldom. It even can not be compared to trains and cars. I saw the statistics in RBK journal about plane crushes in 2000 year in the world and the point was 10. And in this year more than 1000000 car accidents were happened. Do you see the difference? So, I defenitely reckon that the amount of air travel should not be reduced by the laws. In conclusion, I would say again that air travelling plays an important role for every people. Flights by plane save our time reaching somewhere. O do not deny the fact that it has negative impact on air pollution and global warming. Moreover, I hope that there will be ecologically-friendly fuel for planes in the future. Then there will not be a necessary to reduce the amount of air travel for business, leisure and so on.
