Nowadays people are able to travel all over the world even on incredibly long distances. This is mostly because of the development of air transport as it have become convenient and affordable for many people. However, there is an opinion that air travel has much more negative impact due to the fact that this type of transport pollute air and cause global warming.
To begin with, air travel has many benefits both for leisure and business. As it has been already mentioned, today people able to reach the desirable destination in several hours, even if it is thousands kilometres from where thy are. Therefore, they can easily visit their friends and family members who live in every part of the world. Furthermore, planes and other air vehicles have made it possible to transfer almost all the products and goods wherever they are required. Such development of transportation has improved the sphere of logistics. Consequently, many companies now get much more profit.
Nevertheless, some people are assumed that air travel is unnecessary and has many drawbacks. From their point of view, poor ecological situation that our plane face nowadays is an unsurmountable obstacle to reduce the amount of usage of air transport.
Although there are proofs that air vehicles may affect the environment in a bad way, modern technologies continue to upgrade and improve. There are some planes that can be called “eco-friendly” as the harm they can do to the air is considerably less than the ordinary aircrafts do. What is more, air transport remain the most comfortable and appropriate for travelling on really long distances, so it would be obviously hard to stop using this way of transportation.
To sum up, important to say that leisure and business require non-stop improvement of transport system. Despite some negative effects that air vehicles may lead to, air travel is still the most convenient way of transportation. The aim of the whole world is just to try make planes and other air vehicles more safe concerning the environment.
