In the modern world there appears more and more abilities to travel. Cheap airlines provide chances to go wherever you want paying a little money and spending no much time. The main consequence of this kind of travelling is air pollution caused by planes which can lead to global warming. Many people strongly believe that government should reduce the amount of flights by introducing special laws. From my personal point of view, these actions are necessary, due to the poor ecological situation on our planet.
First of all, it should be mentioned that there exist many alternative ways to travel. Take trains, for example. You can see many positive aspects in moving to another area by train. It goes without saying that it takes much more time, but you can use these free hours reading a book or watching movies. Moreover, passangers of the train can explore the landscapes from the window. You are not able to see anything but clouds from the plane. But train travelling brings you an opportunity to enjoy more than just the city you go to. Chosing alternative kind of transportation you vote for the future of the Earth and keep our planet safe.
Talking about business trip, it is no longer necessary to fly for a long distance to meet you business partner or investor. Thanks for the Internet, everyone today can easily connect with person from another country using Skype, for example. So the introduction of the new law to reduce the amount of air travel will not touch your business.
Despite arguements below, many people prefer air travelling and they are sure there are no more comfortable and cheap way to see the world. Well, I can agree that there is no chance to get from Moscow to New-York by the train. But you can chose another place to go to. Introduction of higher price for flight will cause the demand for travelling inside the country or close areas which will also bring upward economic trend for the country.
Taking into consideration all mentioned above, I can sum up, that the introduction of the new law which will reduce the amount of air travel will lead to shortage of air pollution and, as the result, help to avoid global warming by offering the travellers the alternative ways of transportation.
