Task 2.
   The problem of public health improvement highlighted in many countries all over the world and seems to be very topical. There’re different propositions which are suggested in order to solve this issue. Some people are firmly believe, that all we need is to create the numerous sport facilities. Others disagree with this point of view. They tend to outline others remedies that will help the society to resolve the problem of public health. In this essay both pints of view will be considered and compared.
   On the one hand, sport is generally supposed to be an essential part of public health. It’s impossible to build the healthy population without sport facilities development. One of the main arguments in favour of this point of view is that sport requires the free times. That’s why it can be considered as healthy replacement of unhealthy habits in free time. For instance, the data of statistics shows that after intensive sport facilities building in Russia the percentage of those, who smoke or accept the drugs, has decreased dramatically.
   On the other hand, this is obviously, that sport facilities development won’t be able to result in public health improvement without others spheres development. This is necessary to provide healthy food, clean ecology as well as modern system of medical services. All these factors can’t be replaced by sport facilities increase. This statement may be clearly illustrated with the examples of developed countries. In such countries as England of the USA, sport facilities are built quite intensively. Nevertheless, according to the BBC radio report, English population is continuing to face the problem of obesity. It means, that sport facilities can’t reduce the healthy food.
   To sum up, it can be concluded, that all points of view have a right to exist. Many men, many minds. Nevertheless, I suppose. That sport facilities development inspite of its great significance, should be back up with others improvement. It means, that sport is very important, but not a single remedy.
