2.
   Public health is a great concern nowadays. There are lots of problems caused by unhealthy lifestyle and lack of exercise. However, can we be sure that larger number of sport facilities is an efficient way to solve health problems?
   Sport facilities are a widespread instrument for improving public health. Almost every city has a stadium, a swimming pool and a lot of sport clubs. However, there is a problem with villages and small cities as well as with developing countries (for example, Africa), where sport facilities are very rare. So, the government is to provide these categories with access to sport objects, which can be challenging.
   It is clear that sport facilities are necessary. Without them people won’t be able to go in for sport or their opportunities will be much smaller. People’s access to the sport facilities is another problem. Very often these facilities are closed or you need to pay to enter. These administrative factors decreases the number of people willing to start a healthy lifestyle.
   One more problem is connected with encouraging people to go in for sports. Sport facilities or their own can not attract people – we need advertisement to convince people that sport is necessary fro their health. To this purpose we can use famous sportsmen and successful people, leading a healthy lifestyle. Besides, we need to attract celebrities, whose opinion is very significant for teenagers.
   As for sport as a process – only constructing sport facilities is not enough, as well. There are a lot of examples, when people training on their own break legs and arms. So, sport and exercise can cause health problems, unless we provide sport facilities with educated and qualified coaches.
   To sun it up, sport facilities are significant and necessary for solving health problems. However, they are not enough to attract people to the healthy lifestyle. We need to use a complex approach to solve health problems includes advertising, education and training with a qualified coach.
