
Task 2.
   These days the tendency to increase the number of sports facilities increase and it is generally mentioned that it can be the only way to improve public health. But the health can be influences by other measures and this essay will state which due is more efficient.
   The crucial part of improving people`s health is believed to have a lot of sports centers in towns, cities and villages and effective promotion of using a variety of sports facilities. It is undoubtedly true that the more sports building and centers city has, the more people are couraged to take part in some sport. People who are going in for sports are not tend to have strong diseases or drug dependancy which means that public health can be increased by the soaring of sports facilities.
  Anyway, there is a widespread debate about the efficiency of another methods of improving social health. Effective measure which can required for achieving this task is social advertisement. This is a strong instrument of ruling a big amount of people. Social advertisement against smoking or drugs becomes useful power, because while watching it, people understand the consequences of their presumed unhealthy actions and want to follow healthy lifestyle. The example of this method is cigarettes with the dusgusting pictures of different diseases which let people know the consequences of their actions.
   Nevertheless, it is arguing question that other methods of improving public health are better than increasing sports facilities, because sport is the first step of healthy life. Not everybody watches TV or buys cigarettes, so not all of people know about social adverts, while a big amount of sports centres and facilities let people a chance to be participant of healthy life style.
   Ultimately, summizising the foresaid, I would believe that sports make people healthier and this is why different sports facilities should be increased. However, this does not prevent the additional effectivences of othe measures.
