Writing task 1.
The bar chart provides information about the proportion of households in urban/suburban and rural areas of a European country, which had Internet access over the period from 1999 to 2004.
As can be seen from the graph, the general trend for both urban and rural households was upward. As for urban areas, there was a rapid increase in the number of households with Internet access, wich slowed down significantly by the end of the period. In particular, during the first year there was a two-fold rise in the number of Internet users, while between 2002 and 2004 their percentage growed by approximately 2% per year, reaching a peak of 55% at the end of the period.
Regarding rural areas, there was a steady increase in the number of households provided with the Internet. The figures for this category of Internet users growed up gradually from about 2% in 1999 to just over 35% in 2004.
Overall, both urban and rural areas showed a significant and gradual increase in the number of households with Internet access.
Writing task 2.
It is quite common these days for children to children spend most of the time sitting at home, and, therefore, they do not almost spend time outdoors. The main reason for it is  a change in a lifestyle, caused by urbanisation, and a reduced contact of children with natural environment is considered to be quite a serious problem.
To begin with, an extremely little exposure of children to the natural world may result in some problems with health, caused not only by a polluted environment of city areas, but also by a monotonous and stressful urban lifestyle. That's why if  children spend more time in the natural environment, it may help them to reduce stresses, have a rest from city fuss and, as a result, to improve their mental health. As for me, my younger sisters, unfortunately, do not have enough free time to spend outdoors because of their studies, but they have an opportunity to spend their holidays in the countryside. As I have noticed, after they return home, they always feel much better and their brain activity is enhanced noticeably.
Moreover, it is extremely important for children to appreciate nature and to spend more time outdoors in order to be aware of environmental problems and be prepared to prevent the threat of ecological disaster in the future.
In conclusion, it is very important for children to spend much more time in the natural world than they do it nowadays, and to appreciate the nature, because it may improve their health and make them willing to cope with the problems of environment.
