Nowadays one of the digest problems at school is student behaviour. people argue on what has influenced children behave this way and which solution we can make up to sort out the problem.

As far as I am concerned the main cause of bad behaviour  is lack of parents involvement in their child’s life. Today both parents tend to work all day to achieve appropriate sum of money for living and after hard day at work they do not pay much attention on their child. He is alone with his problems and personal traits which start to develop without understanding what is good or bad. Loneliness and solitude provoke aggression to people around the child who are of the same social status as he is.

The second cause is computer games. Children are adjusted to aggressive characters and wars as they spend most of their leisure time with eyes glued to the computer screens, they start to live according to that type of life, communicating not with real people but with robots inside their computers. When they come back to the reality, they still play the game as they has already accustomed to the such way of communicating.

The solutions that can be suggested are very simple but, actually, hard to achieve. Firstly, everything should be started from the relationship in the family. Parents should think about raising their children in the purpose of making from them successful ???cells of society with strong personality and understanding of moral concepts.

Secondly, school teachers or may be special school staff should observe such children closely and help to solve the problem connected with bad behaviour. Staff can organize a special clubs inside schools to distract children from agression and negative to help them to adjust playing in team, to feel positive about others, to explain them with the help of the game how successful person should behave.

To conclude I should say that misbehavior is not only the problem of school or parents and only work in collaboration can provoke changes in the child’s personality and attitude to other people.
