Nowadays lets of schools in many countries are suffering from violeut way of students behavior. It depends on list of factors causing such problems. Most of there are wide – spreaded, less of there are individual.

	I believe that there are some reasons which are easy to explain. First of all, it may be a question of national difference. Today many schools try to teach together children with different nationalities – for example, in Russia lots of school accept asian students. Children offen can not get with it and there is no one to explain them that their rights are equal, and between their usually begins a conflict. Secondly, it is well – know that children adore to play videogames, and most of them are usually videut and produce the idea of cruelty. Children try to bring the idea of videogame to life and start to behave as their personal game hero. Thirdly, the conflict  usually begins because of financial matters. Children from poorer families often become a victims. Talking about individual factors, it should be mentioned that sometimes the main reason of severe students behavior and his unability to normally contact with his classmates is own family problems. Misunderstanding between family numbers, lack of parents attention   lead to psychological problems and angry way of communication.

	There are some ways to deal with these problems. First of all, students should be teached to choose the right behaviour while being in group. Group activities must be frequent, and I believe that this is the best way to do student more friendly and help them to get used to each other. Secondly, some features about people’s communication’s problem should be hold often. All the questions about misunderstanding problems should be discussed with students, and the differences between people need to be explained. Thirdly, every student should have the ability to consult with psychologist. Every mouth all the students have to check their mental health. In my opinion these terms way help to avoid the problem of student’s severe behavior and set a calm atmosphere in class.   
