Nowdays the world develop very fast. This speed day after day growing up and people, living in such conditions do not able to move as fast as developing. New kinds of machine, sellphones, and adds make our live much more easier than 40 years ago. The most weak and fast developing social group is teenagers, but there is a few problems, showing themselves into children speech and motivation. Schools sometimes can not solve much of these problems, but where is it came from and where is it go to – is very important questions.

So, there is a different aged groups involved into school social life: from 5-6 years old children to 16-17 aged young men and women. They see each other every day into different roles: student, friend, highschool student, follow student. Elder students become an idols for younger, they teaching them the rules of socializing that they had been tought themselves. Sometimes those rules can be rude and stupid, sometimes it is clever and kind rules, but all of them make people different from the others, and make kids different from adult teachers, which can not understand a “new” generation. There is a dramatic difference between kids and parents. Some little non-understandings at home become a huge problem into the future, when the differences between family members will rise. A family as a social structure is a small group of people organized to each other by blood of or the same place of living. The bring happyness’ and disappointments into this group. That’s why a family is a complex part of students life.

I’ve taken a close look at students life conditions and get some results. First of all, the world developing shows us new horizons and methods, and people, involved in it are controlled by that process, that brings a kid to the society, makes it a human. The last, but not the less part of students life is it’s family, which teach it the main rules of living inside the society. All these parts can not be differented, because together they combine the humanian’s life.
