Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day. 
Development of technologies is vital part of people's life today. Every one has modern technology electronic devices, such as smartphone, laptop or something else. We constantly use them in our everyday life, but just a few people recognize how many serious problems were caused by modern technologies. One of these problems is radioactive microvolnes which are everywhere now. So, it has a very bad influence on human's health, because it is a big pressure on brain and other organs. These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death. Besides, another problem exists too, this problem is linked with extra weight, which people get as a result of static life. Mobile phones and social websites replace a personal communication. Most of all people today prefer chatting using mobile phone, instead of going for a walk with their friends or collegues in that free time. 
These global problems should be solved in short time. What about the first problem, it can be solved just with development of new technologies, which will be safety for people's health than today's ones and will replace them at all in future. Second problem has solutions too. One of this solution is make free wi-fi zones in the parks, on the streets. Such methods can lead people to going out with their friends for walking. Maybe it will'n't stop them chatting and using smartphone constantly, but it will motivate them to go out. Another solution is to make a new national or world program which would be connected with sport. Government should organise many sporty competions, events or something else. Moreover, some money of budget can be put in building of fitness centers which can be out of charge for people. This decision leads to healthy nation and healthy world. 
To sum up, more technologies cause many healthy problems today, but these problems can be solved in different ways. I think, in several years this will be not actual, because of its solving. 