In today's world the problem of equalty of men and women in every subject in the university is rather topical. There are several opinions on this issue. On the one hand, it is believed that there is no matter in acceptance of such kind of equality. On the other hand, it is considered that these changes should be obligatary accepted. 
To begin with, I am in favour of such point of view that there is no neccesity in the establishing of this rules. Firstly, every knowledge and skills are developped by everyone individually withought separation in the base of gender. What I mean is that there is no difference if you are a man or a woman, your self development will be formed according to your individual features. For instance, professor A. Grigoriev has written in his book "Differences in development according to the sex", that there are obvious differences between men's and women's development but it may be caused only by their attitude. Taking it into account, it will be a wrongful decision, if it is decided to organise such equalty. One more example of the wrongfulness of this position is an interview which was published in October in 2012 in the newspaper "Comsomolskaya Pravda". According to this social interview, there were formed different classification of fields in which male and female are interested. For example, man are interested in hunting or cars' repairing and women are interested in cooking and teaching, So, the establishing such equalities in universities will not give an opportunity to a huge amount of people to do the things they want to do. 
However, there are people who oppese this opinion. Such people are usually try to fight for the rights of the certain gender. Unfortunately, in this fight they sometimes forget that their ideas can be rather stupid, unneccessary and unnormal. Although it is very sagnificant to defende your rights, such type of changes in universities are unnecessary. According to the statistic presented by ITMO, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people lost their study places due to this experiment and as a resulted only few students who studied in these groups were satisfied with such situation. In conclusion, to my mind making such equality will be a wrongful decision because there is no matter whether you are male of female, a university should educate you withough such separation. However, this topic is still very controversial.