Nowadays the issue of consequences of globalization remains one of the most crucial. People are prone to ask themselves whether their own well-being is more important than other people's, but still there is no right answer. The problem seems considerably bigger when it comes to the governmental level. They are facing the dilemma if they should focus on their own citizens or they have to try helping all the people around the world. From my point of view, the governments should try to help as many people as it is possible but considering all the possible consequences. 
On the one hand, it is obvious that people in their own countries must be government's priority. The economic and political stability stands on the well-being of their own citizens, because the biggest part of work force consists of them. Moreover, a desperate attempt to save people from other countries may cause riots and coups to overthrow the government. History provides us with many examples proving that argument. For instance, the current situation with refugees in Europe may show how negatively good attempts to help people from other countries can affect citizens. So even if a president wants to help another country's people, he or she must be very careful in order not to cause sabotages. 
On the other hand, considering the process of globalization which is seemingly widespread, the heads of countries should definitely support each other. There are a lot of global issues which matter not only for one particular state, but for the Earth in general. That is the reason why governments must stand together and help each other. As an example I may suggest various charity programms organized on the governmental level. They often help people no matter what part of the world they come from and that is the best way of remaining the peace, I suppose. 
All things considered, I may conclude that focusing on helping the citizens is a safe strategy for any government but nevertheless it is necessary to keep helping people all around the world because a human continues to be a human no matter what nationality he or she is. 