It is impossible to help all the people in the world, so governments should focus only on helping people in their own countries. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? 
In this day of age some governments have a tendency to help other countries, rather than taking care of their own nations. In my opinion, a decent government should give the first priority to the wellbeing of its citizens and provide them with all the essential needs like free medical care, free education and pensions, and the international politics should be given the second priority. In this essay I will discuss this issue, provide some examples and draw a conclusion. 
To begin with, the most vivid example would be the country we live in - Russia. The Russian government provides numerous countries with its abundant resources, such as gas, oil, and metal; sends its military forces into some countries where they are not exactly needed; forgives billions of dollars of debts to other countries. However, the level of developing a human potential of Russia is quite low comparing to other large and world-leading countries. It is the fact that Russian megapolises like Moscow and Saint Petersburg are well-developed, and people who work in these cities have higher salaries, but most of the other regions are often left aboard, and people living there are predominantly poor, especially the elder generation. 
Nevertheless, some people could argue with my opinion, as they think that the government must develop and establish a positive image to other countries, rather than providing its nation with a good quality of life. I consider this point of view to be highly incompetent, because it is obvious that the government is about helping its people, not about showing off. 
To conclude, it is true that it is barely achievable to help all the people in the world, so the countries should only take care of its own citizens. Surely, international politics is quite important as well, but let us not forget that the first priority should be given to inner politics. 