In this day and age, an the idea of the absence of capability of helping all the people in the world is being very present. In fact, people point out that instead of helping everyone, the governments should focus only on their own nations. In my opinion, this is quite a controversal topic, but still, I assume that cooperation is the key to worldwide success. 
On the one hand, it is important to mention that not all countries have the capability to not only help other nations, but to deal with their own problems. A good example for this point would be the African countries that these days are experiencing a wide range of problems: from illnesses to water supply problems. These matters could be only tackled with the help of more developed countries. A huge advancement in the developement of the African continent was already made and, most importantly, a lot of lives were saved thanks to the help of international organisations, such as UNESCO. 
On the other hand, even the most developed nations are still experiencing crucial problems on their own land. Different ideas and views of different nationalities, religions, ethnic and social groups, that share the same land are the source of major national conflicts. Lots of conflicts in the United States showed that even one of the most advanced nations in human history is still experiencing major problems in their society. To keep peace and positive trend in developement of a country is still a hard task, which requires a lot of attention from the government. Focusing on dealing with the problems of other nations, while ignoring their owns can have catastrophic results. That marks the importance of keeping record of national problems and searching for possible solutions for their own people. 
Although dealing with national problems is extremely important, I still think that the world is home for everyone, and if one day there will be no borders, we all are going to still be living in the same one place, so that leads me to my point that cooperation not for the success of one particular nation, but for the entire humanity is the key factor to our own mutual happiness, success and bright future. 