During the whole history of human race the way children inhabit necessary skills, the way they are tought to live and behave and what exactly influences them the most have been remaining the mistery. Nevertheless, nowadays, there are two polar opinions on this topic: some people consider relatives to be the most sugnificant influencers on child's life, while others believe, that the outside world is more important the situation at home. 
Starting with the birht, the early years of each childs life almost completely revolve around their family, their parnts in most of the cases in particular. The contact with the outside world is minimised due to the child's incapability to behave and act properly apart from their family. Even though the early years normally almost vanish from each person's memory, they are crucial, while they form child's perception of the world, behavior, personal traits and features. As the followers of the theory, that family plays the biggest part in a child's development, the following life is only about shaping and 'decorationg' yorself. 
The opposite opinion suggests that the outside world influences child's life more than relatives. The knowledge of how people communicate, how pepople live in the society can be be gained only through esperience that is unique. Moreover, the isolation of a child from the outside world but givint the only opportunity of communication with family will never form the personailty of a child complaetely. As the follower of this theory, I strongly believe that the communication outside the home is the only way to boost child's developement. In addition to that, there are various examples of children, who were growing up without parents or any close relatives at all. In most of the cases their skills to survive and adopt were more developed than skills than a person in an averege had. 
In conclusion, there is no stated answer, wether the child's developement is mostly influenced by family or by the outside world. Nevertheless, the examples of those who grew up without families show that child's developement is possible even without family, while, vica versa, the process of growing up without the influence from the outside makes person unable to normally function and communicate with other people. 