Nowadays the most discussed issue is functions of contemporary housings. A vast majority of people argue that buildings should have attractive appearance, while others claim that it have to be useful and serve its options. I believe that it is highly important for modern structures to be good-looking and have fascinating features. 
Fisrt and foremost, in our age of city sprawliing and urbanisation and high demands of people, it is becoming more and more crucial for city population how it is look like. People's wantings become higher and complicated. That is to say, these days humanities have more technical and other possibilities to make building useful and magnificent in the same time. To cite an example, many cities nowadays comepete between each other for best achitecture solutions. Goverments try to decide how to make cities and suburbs looking contemporary and technical-friendly. There are competitions between architecturers for best urban-planning progects. They seek to make a building not only modern and functional, but also to make it look pleasant for man's eye. That is why, modern buildings are still decorated with remerkable features and are made in fancy geometrical forms. 
Another argument in favour of importance of structures appearence is that the buildings construction is a suitable way of expressing artists and architectures individuality and creativity. In this way, artists may not only express their onw ideas in modern buildings, but also can bring art education in society. To cite an example, modern artist who make graffities and street art in general, bring new art views and direction in public. Graffity on buildings, espeially, make old buildings play new bright colours, and people are tend to be in favour of this idea nowadays. Thus, it is still essential for cities population how their city space are designed. 
Taking everything into consideration, despite growing people demands for functional issues of city buildings, it is still quite significant for the major part of them how should structures be planned and decorated. In spite of the increasing role of tecnology and usefulness of buildings, people do not forget about its creative features. Hence, i am convinced that architecture design will be significant for a long-term period. 