Meriads of people nowadays are connected with science and interested in carrying out some research. There are private companies and governments who are involved in these processes. However, it is believed that private companies rather than governments take part in it and here are more advantages than disadvantages, while opponents of this point of view see many disadvantages in help of such companies. 
To begin with, talking about advantages of help of private companies, many of them can allow themselves to provide funding to some research and as result contribute to the development of good ones and science on the whole. It means that the more money scientists and researches get, the better quality of research are. In other words, big funding causes qualitive research and results. However, governments always deal with other crucial issues in cities and countries and do not have money on the development of research, when there are serious problems that need solutions. So, private companies are good investors in contrast to governments that always have other areas that need investitions and attention. 
On the other hand, other people believe that there are many disadvantages in paying for and carrying out scientific research by private companies. Firstly, pumping money into research, such companies sometimes just want to get benefit from it. In other words, to get much money by their sponsorship. As a result, research may have many flaws, low quality and no or not much influence on the development of science but get money and fame to companies which do not deserve it. What is more, governments have much inluence on citizens than private companies that is why their investitions may attract attention of people to science and the importance of research. 
To conclude, private companies are good investors and researchers as well as governmnets, and the arguments prove this point of view. However, in my opinion, companies stay better investors and figures who can carry out research with high quality and benefit. 