There is a statement that helping all people in the world should be a high priority. That is why governments should concentrate on that problem in their states and regions. I partly agree with it. 
On the one hand, there is a huge level of population which suffers from different problems. To start with, it could be lack of jobs. People must earn money for their basic needs such as water, food, hosehold bills and etc. However, due to economic instability people lose their places in work industry and they have to ask help from the goverment. Moreover, in case of some natural disasters such as flood or hurricanes people can lose their place for living and again they have to ask help. Furthermore, there some disabled people who were born that way or became after some terrible accidents who need special care and a lot of attention. 
On the other hand, every country has their own problems which should be solved. They definetly should spend time and money to help people but still if goverments do not solve other problems such as protection, ecomonic or political agendas, medicine and healt care, trasportation system and architecture there would be more people who will need help. That is why it is extremely important to develop in many spheres at the same time and try to provide at least the vast majority of citizens with everything. 
In my opinion, governemnt should inspire people help each other to make life more easy to follow. For example, provide poppulation with the opportunity to work and develop themselves in different directions. Or provide humanity with special education how to escape from bad consiquences. Following that way, governents increase level of happiness and that will lead to the solution. It is also worth to mention, that governments should work not only in their own districts at first but also solve different kinds of problems which can have negative implications. And than if they have abilities to help others countries and their people in the world at the same time. However, making practical steps towards solving different problems which can cause unpleasant life and working side by side, humanity will be able to decrease the level of people who need help by different reasons. 