In this day and age many people assume that the most influential part of the child's development is the result of the family's impact, whereas others think that the outside factors play more significant role in children's growing. I suppose, that it is rather ambiguous to choose the correct opinion. So, in this essay I would look through two distinct points of view. 
In regard to the first opinion, I suppose that undoubtedly the family is the starting stage of the child's development, as only there the young gets familiar with all the fundamental things and internalizes the social norms. Fisrtly, from the early childhood family members teach their children their traditions, norms of behaviour, ways of the social interaction and instill their habits and several basic values. Secondly, the child, being grown up in the family, tries to imitate the family members' way of thinking and actions, as the parents are the primary models of their further behavior. 
On the other hand, in terms of the outside factors, including the school, the university, the working place and other social institutions, all these activities also contribute to the child's development and there are several examples of it. Firstly, in such places like the school or the university, the young gets acquainted with many new people with different social backgrounds, points of view, interests, habits, and, as a consequence, while interacting with them, the child undergoes several changes in his/her own personality and starts acquiring new interests, hobbies, habits, etc. Moreover, sometimes the young has to surrender his/her partner's influence for the sake of finding the common interests or just for adapting to the group and avoiding any conflicting situations. 
To sum up, there are two basic resources of the child's development: the family and the environment, and it is difficult to decide which is the most influental one. To my mind, the family as well as the outside factors mentioned above facilitate the general education and formation of the child's personality. 