It is not a secret that a lot of people have always argued about what any government should do and how can it provide better life to the society. The majority stands for the opinion that it is possible only to help people in your own country but others do not share this point of view. As for me, I find both statements right, and there are some arguments, which can support it. 
It should be repeated that a lot of people agree with the position that there is no use trying to make any government help everyone. Firstly, the politicians of the particular country know this country better than any other one, because in most cases it is their native place and they are prone to living there. Also, they can understand all the features of the inside flow of political and social life and undertake almost anything to save the wellbeing of the nation. For instance, if you are the politician of the particular government, you have a lot of chores and large issues to solve. You try to deal with them and, certainly, there won't be any desire or even enough time to think about people in other countries in your hectic life. 
However, there are some people who are sure that the government should help all the people in the world. Their opinion bases on the fact that the government consists of many different people, so it is possible for them to think about people in other countries too. For example, in the developed countries it is necessary for any kind of organisaion to work properly and know every goal you need to achieve. So, the government's duties are well organised too, and if this system works in the country, it will not be very difficult for it to help other people. Moreover, it will even give benefit in builting better relationships with other governments, which can be helpful in future. 
To sum it up, I just want to say that my own opinion stayed balances, as I will always find both views right in many ways. Still, it is essential for you to decide, for what point you agree or disagree in this difficult issue. 