Nowadays, some people are ready to sacrifise their free time for high income. However others long for having more free time rather than abundant salary. It is my conviction that the best way is to find a balance between your job and leisure activities. 
Some people devote their free time to earning money because it is benefitial for the career. In order to be promoted, you need to do extra work and improve your skills all the time. To be pointed out by the head, you need to stand out from the crowd of your colleagues. It is unlikely if you work like an ordinary person. Secondly, some employees strive for earning more money because of the family. For instance, a worker's daughter has entered university and the cost for the education is too high for the family. In order to pay for daughter's education he is forced to find ways to earn extra money and, as a consequense, forget about free time. 
On the other hand, some people prefer more free time rather than high salary. First and foremost, by having more free time it is feasible to avoid problems with health. For example, employees who push themselves to the limit, often suffer from stress that can result in insomnia or depression. But if a worker who does not work so hard is likely to prevent stress. Another reason for having more spare time is that in this case people's life does not concentrate on work only. They have much more time for various activities making them happy such as travelling, yoga, or spending time with the family. 
I assume it is crucial to keep career and spare time in balance. Firstly, putting aside enough time for relaxation will increase productivity. Under these circumstances, will a worker deal with the tasks with success and avoid high stress levels. What is more, despite the fact that work is an integral part of people's life, it is also important to pay attention to other things like family or hobbies. Thus, a person will feel happy, peaceful and vital. it can boost his stamina and he may become more motivated at work. 
To sum up, the variant of devoting spare time to high wage has many agrument in favour as well as the opinion of having more free time than more money. It is up to a person to decide. Personally I believe that a worker should spend enough time for both career and rest, so that he will not be gross and unhappy and have good career perspectives at the same time. 