Nowadays there is a problem of a proper balance between a free time and a good salary oppotrunities. There are people who claim that earning more money is more vital rather then their leisure time. However, there are opponents of this view who have another take in this question. In this essay I will try to discuss both views and give my personal opinion. 
The first category of people approves the fact that the amount of money has a greater importance than your free time. Their major argument is that the money might help to reach goals successfully and faster. In other words, they suppose that an individual can buy everything in his or her life which will create a special status of a person and will probably give a higher position in society. For example, they believe that they can pay money even for humans's feelings and stay indifferent to the inner side of a person. The other argument is about someone's prefernces in life. I mean some people just live to make a good career and they do not care about having any friends or hobbies. I can remember a person who decided to put his career and money in the first play and a free time did not bother him at all. 
However, there are people who are against this posotion in life. For them having afree time for things they like is more essential. One of the reasons why they think so is the fact that these men just have the priorities that are focused not on some material things as money but on frienship, love and so on and so forth. For instance, I have a friend who is keen on his personal feelings and gaining pleasure from life. So, it means that the fact of having much money is prioritised by some people less. Further on, there are people who have rich parents and they are just put into a nice environment where they can forget about money at all as they have all the necessary things and can enjoy their life having fun. It is obvious that some things might depend on other pepople and determine our lifestyle. 
All in all, there are men who consider that having more money than time is crucial due to their priorities and their desires for power and status. Thus, the opponents of this opinion disagree saying that material things are less important for them and their lifestyle does not depend on money. As for me, I feel that we have to find a balance between these two options in order to live in harmony with our mind and soul. 