Nowadays there is an opinion that governments should pay attention to problems only in their own countries. However, some people disagree and believe that countries should help each other. I support the first view. 
To begin with, I am convinced that focusing on only their own country will provide them with some improvements in all spheres of their population's lives. For example, when the government pay attention to only one country, they may notice significant troubles in health care system. Thus, discovering this kind of problem, they will fund more in improving it, they will have enough money for providing with jobs all the doctors and even discover some new treatment for diseases. WHat is more, they also can make noticable changes in the system of education. While focusing on building the academic relationships with other countries, the government forget to improve their own system and fund in local pupils and students by providing them with grants, for instance. 
Secondly, I believe that when the governments focus on their own countries, they save a great sum of money and other resources. For example, saved money can be used to modify the local areas and to build more places for leisure activities. They can invest these money not only to improve crucial systems such as health care and education, but also to increase the number of places which might be useful for children and families in general such as parks, cinemas, restaurants, sports clubs. Moreover, saved resources mean saved nature. When the governments use their natural resources for only their local population, they do not waste a lot, which means nature does not suffer as well. 
Nevertheless, helping others might be beneficial. By doing this, governments improve international relationships, they look for those countries which can offer the best resources and which will be useful for their own countries. What is more, helping other nations can bring some advantages in the most difficult period for every country which is a war. Governments who have great relationships get used to help each other not only during a peace but also a war. 
To sum up, though the opinions vary, I still believe that it is better for governments to focus on their own countries rather than helping everyone. By doing this countries can make improvements in different spheres of life and save a lot of money and resources in order to modify and construct new areas and buildings for people's usage. I consider that it is up to a government to decide whether to help other or not. 
425