It is widely suggested that it is not possible for governments to make the whole world better but it is absolutely feasible to improve the condition of their own country, and it is what they should focus on. This issue is of extreme importance in contemporary society where globalisation influences every state in particular and the world as a whole. I strongly agree with the proposal that working primarily for the sake of their people is every government's duty. This essay will give arguments to support my opinion and provide examples in favour of it. 
First, focusing on improving one contry proves to be more effective than wasting money and energy on trying to save the whole planet at once. Improving your state is a way of taking part in the process of making the world a better place as a resut. A great instance of such an approach could be Norway that has initiated a system of recycling entitled "Zero Waste". Consequently, the environmental condition of the country has been improved and life expectancy has risen. It is clear that Norway is not the only one to benefit from this improvement, since the movement is currently being spread all over the world which gives hope of overcoming the global environmental crisis. In other words, focusing on improving their countries is where all governments have vested interest because it leads to improving of the world. 
Furthermore, the primary step in maling the world better is to prevent its destruction at all costs. Wars are what destroys it, and wars are intended by people. Wnen there are agressive and hostile people, misunderstanding occur. If residents of a state are happy and satisfied, there is no need to provoke wars or to compete with other states. For example, a poll that has been resently carried out in England showed that the majority of people there claimed that they did not agressive towards any country. England is also known for its great system of wellfare which means every citizen is "looked after". Thus, taking care of your people is a means of contribute to peace. It is worth satisfying time and energy to please your residents for the sake of the world. 
To conclude, governments should focus on improving their countries and taking care of their people instead of attempting to save the world at once. Such an approach leads to making the world a better place in the long run. It can be done by either improving your country's wellbeing or maintaining peace. I share the view that efforts are to be made in the field of something small for the sake of the global, for the sake of common good. 