It is common knowledge that scientific reasearches take a rather big part of human life nowadays. However, whose real responsibility is it? Many people believe that future relies on private companies that are very efficient when it comes to making human lives easier and better. Other people believe that such service is only about money and popularity. The following essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages of this way of exploring the world. 
To my mind, private companies are rather succefull in their researches and have a lot of advantages. First of all, they are vivid and bright. They make us think about their creations or investigations; want them; search information about them and so on. For instance, every new invention of Ilon Mask is a real surprise and show. People spend hours listetning to his presentations, chatting about them with friends and even creating kind jokes about the inventor on the Internet. This benefit leads us to another point: deep attachment of private companies to civillians. They do not keep their ideas secret: they make demonstrations, posts on the Internet, commercial, interviews and so on. They want to be listened to and to be followed by. Finally, most private companies are owned by young people, who always try to look ahead and find new ideas for new explorations to create better future. 
Nevertheless, some people are strongly against the influence of private companies on human lives and there are some reasons for it. First of all, they lack experience: all these high-tech laboratories and trial spaces are so brand new that they may have not enough skills or management as common, national organizations or governments. Another disadvantage is that private companies cost a fortune. Moreover, these organizations search for money from ordinary people (creating "charity" posts) or from the same familiar government: whou would do any researches without finance? Lastly, some people (especially old-aged pensioneers) may not trust all these great new develpoments and inventions, which seem like from another universe: it is complicated to use them; they are expensive; they are so noisy; and no one knows what are they made of. 
Taking everything into account, it is a matter of taste whether one trusts private companies and their services or not. Personally, I think that such creators lead us to brighter future and new scientific explorations. Yet, it would be perfect if common governments agreed to work with private companies on making life of cosumers better. 