Nowadays science is of outstanding importance for the whole humanity. It is considered that in the modern world private organisations prevail over state structures in sponsoring and undertaking developments in the field of science. This essay will examine both benefits and drawbacks of this notion. 
There are certainly some positive sides of recent science being under control of private corporations. Firstly, individual enterpreneurs and their companies provide necessary funding for research. In other words, private firms can have a vasted interest in the progress of science in order to use its achievements in manufacturing and gain income. Therefore, they make great investments in this sphere, which allows to hire highly-qualified scientists and buy expensive equipment for the studies. What is more, results of scientific work made by privatised organisations are more reliable than those carried out by government. This happens due to the fact that companies provide true-tol-life information and have no objective to manipulate figures during their research. For example, private surveys are more independent as they are not aimed at disguising the real situation as governments often do. 
However, several related disadvantaged can be anticipated. First of all, there could be no sustainable development of science when all research depends on the funding from private companies from a far-sighted attitude. That means that such organisations can cut down on money they provide for science in any time when they are no longer interested in it. For instance, when the research on the subject such as disease treatment takes too much time with no evident results, a private companies can stop financing this project. Thus, many time-consuming yet extremely vital fields of science can be completely abandoned, which has obviously a detrimental effect on the humankind. Nevertheless, these cases are rare. 
In conclusion, I strongly believe that although private monopoly on science has considerable downsides, its advantages are far more essential. Private organisations should take into account the possible adverse consequences of such a situation and do their best to minimize or even eliminate them so that this system could be even more efficient. 