Time and money are the most valued resources that we have as human beings. WIth regards to that, people are divided into two types: those who are ready to sacrifise their time and earn a living, and those who appreciate their time so much, that they acccept earning less money than they could have. I personally attribute myself to the first type. 
To begin with, there is a number of ways to earn a living. While one can choose a role of a victim and find a job which they hate, there is also an option of discovering your true passion and making money by doing something you love. In such a case, the absence of free time does not seem as a problem, since every day is filled with something one feels excited about. Apart from that, unlimited free time is not always an advantage. People tend to get bored, it is in their nature, and to fill this void, they may get addicted to a range of things from video-games to drugs. Needless to say, that a true addiction is not something to strive for. 
Alternatively, some people value freedom more than anything. They are not after money and it is the ability to live however they want that makes them truly happy. The absence of free time makes them miserable, longing for change that they are not able to have. Although these people may whine about a job that they do not enjoy, they are most content when they have an endless range of possibilities to which they could devote their free time. Furthermore, our world is constantly changing, there are more and more things you could do with just 100$ in the pocket. That is the reason why some people prefer to gain new experiences like travelling, getting acquainted with new cultures, finding a new hobby instead of staying in an office for 40 hours per week. 
To summarise, there is nothing wrong with sticking to either paths. Some may be insanely miserable without free time, but with an enourmous sum of money on their bank account. Others do not care for free time, they feel truly happy and fufilled, knowing that they earn their living with blood and sweat. As for me, I cannot feel content if I do not work. While money is not the top priority for me, I do want to make efforts and make the world a better place, which seems impossible for me without an occupation. 