Modern life can be described as the long road of choise. Everyday we make our personal desicions on different spheres of our life. One of the vivid examples of the choice that every humanbeing should be acquointed with is the choise on what should one dedicate his/her life to. Some people prefer enjoying their excistence and paying no attention to the issues of work, career and money and others claim that the term of successful life means gaining loads of money and power. 
Conserning first group of people, it is necessary to mention that these people live for the moment and there is a great romantic note in their believes. Such humanbeings tend to spend their life without routine and dedicate it to their hobbies, people they are close to and seeking for non-materialistic happiness. This claster of people may even have a work but they would not pay a great attention to it. 
Nevertheless, there is an enourmously big quantity of materialistic people who would spend 24 hours in their work and believe that this will make them absoulutely happy. These creatures can also be called as careerists and their main aim in the life is to prove themselves that their are the best in the sphere they occupying their working places. Moreover, it is very important for this type of people to feel financial safety and their personal happinness comes from this kind od sustainability. 
Personally I would prefer freedom from all the work duties and stay away from daily routine of sitting in front of computer and filling tons of documents for hours. However I understand the necessity of making money in order to provide myself and my family with all of things that can be beneficial for wellbeing. 
In conclusion, it should be stressed that both people who want to enjoy their life without spending a lot of time at their work and workaholics could find their happiness in their own preferencees of lifestyle. Conserning me, I wish I would be able to have a great work that would allowd me to experience many wonderful things during the working process and combine my hobbies with my duties. 