Some people prefer to earn more money and have less free time. Others prefer to have more free time and less money. 
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion? 
Having examined the issue of modern people behaviour, it can be deduced that there is the vast majority of humans' new tendency of trying to get more money and neglecting their leisure time. However, obviously, some people are totally disagree about such a lifestyle. Nowadays this question still controvercial, so both views shold be discussed. 
The first opinion expressed means that money have become the number-one priority for people. Of course, there are grounds because of which this opinion borne out of. 
The most fundamental one is that nowadays due to that fact that information is spread like a wildfire, people can see the world in all its detail via internet, for example. Inevitably, this array of information about picturesque landscapes, tremendous houses, make everyone evoke a felling of desire of all these things. However, nowadays everything revolves around money and, consequently, people initiate to devise new methods how to gain more money to get all these things they are aware about. 
Thus, people dedicate all their time to work and money in order to get neccessary things and then struggle from deficiency of free time. Moreover, as it was said earlier, our world revolves around money, so if people want to make a bond with someone in order to get more money from their career, they need to have particular status which assists them with communicating and building a relationship with useful people. This goal also need to struggle with neglecting leisure time However, there is another thought about living in a relaxing condition without placing money on the first place. People, who are supporters of this opinion also have some reasons to think like that. In that case, their characters can be considered as the most instrumental reason. People who are not prone to wish to be rolling in money, most often can get satisfaction from unmaterial things like friendship, love, entertainment. Futhermore, they believe that their lesure time can be invested into self-development, for example, but it should not be invested into work and money. In addition to this, obviously, supporters of the second opinion can be just lazy people who does not want to make any affort to be successful and gain more profit. Therefore, they just got used to lie in the bed with unlimited abundant amount of free time and speak about how hard their life is. 
By way of conclusion, I would like to say that both opinions have a right to exist, and everyone themself choose a right for them lifestyle. Personally, I reckon that people should combine work and money with leisure time in order to live a balanced life. 