Undoubtedly, almost all the children in the world start their life in their families and then spend it with the great influence of their parents and relatives, making also new acquaintances at school and then at work, who affect their lives as well. Whose influence is more sighnificant? While some people would say that family makes the most vital influence in children's lives, others will argue that external communications have a greater impact. This essay will discuss this controversial issue in depth and explain why family's influence may still play an important role, but why all the rest affect children more. 
To begin with, it is necessary to mention that family is a place where a child may obtain a large part of attention, learning basic skills needed for survival and how to behave in society. For example, children who were reared by animals are notoriously known to be impaired in communication skills, they barely know how to read or write. Whereas children raised in families are successful in their studies and overall communication in the world. These are the main reasons while some people believe that families have the most powefful impact on childen's well-being. 
However, nowadays children spend less time in families than it was at least a century ago. While growing up, children become not only a part of small communities such as a class in scool or a sport team, they also enter the Web world, acquiring a role of a member of the global society. As soon as they create an account in social networks, they start to posess a wealth of friends from all over the world and to spend a substantial amount of time online. 
For example, according to the latest research conducted by Harvard Uninersity, more than 80% of people, aged from 8 to 16, have at leat two accounts in worldwide social networks where they spend about 7 hours daily. It goes without saying that such time without family also markedly influence young people. 
In short, that is why a lot of people believe that outside the home activities, online communication in particular, play a significant role in children's development. 
Taking everything mentioned above into consideration, it is possible to assume that although family takes an important part in childen's upbringing, other types of communication, that happen outside the home may affect a child even more. This essay discussed possible reasons to support the one side as well as provided grounds to stick to the other side. In my opinion, influences coming from external activities, including school, sport sections and especially the Internet, play a greater role in children's lives and development. 