In several years, there is a tendency to devide people's community into two several parts. Some people suppose that it is essential to earn money and not having a rest in big scales while others believe that enjoy thier leisure time is more important that having work. In my point of view, I can agree with the way of earning and less relaxing as wealth people can control their life clearly. 
To begin with, people with big amount of money in their bank accounts can develop their own business and make thing which tend to be indispensable in the future. For example, they can invest their money to science and help scientists to create important things and be respected by future denerations. Moreover, people with enormous working hours can provided with huge facilities for their families as well-paid school or university for children, eco-fiendly car, living in the countryside or spend holidays in other countries. 
In the same time, people who prefer safe their free time for themselves can be called happy. Truly speaking, controlling the time that people live can be useful for their life in general. To be more precised, one of the greatest idea for people, who do not care about money is concentration on their hobbies such as travelling, learning languages, going shopping or make-up courses. In other words, any leisure would be suitable. Futhermore, spending time with family is totally needed to be highlighted. As I said earlier, people need to have some time to spend it with their family as members of this part of community can be named the nost crucial in people's lifes. 
To conclude, I would like to reckon the fact that each person should decide for him or herself what style of life is characterised him or her pricesely. In order to understand this point, people need to try both options. As for me, I would prefer to always work to make my family feel safe, although, in the same time sometimes thinking about emotional health system, which can totally be destroyed by unstopptable work life. 