Nowadays, many people are prone to believe that family is the only right and possible way of learning life for children, while others claim that the influence from outside might be much more powerful and significant. This essay will provide some practical arguments, discussing both these positions. 
Living in modern world, which is full of new technologies it may become extremely complicated for parents to control their children and to follow what kind of sources they use to become more mature. 
That is why many people believe that getting knowledge from outside may become the only right thing. To cite an argument, I should say that today there is a plenty of scientific programmes, useful and easy for understanding web sites which may help young people to develop in many spheres and broaden there horizons. 
Another argument for learning outside of home is connected with a great variety of intellectual activities, which are organized by volonteers. They may not be just interesting for youngsters but also practical to develop their abilities in many ways. For instance, they can participate themselves and help to organize diverse events, which will help them to become more responsible and respectful towards other people. 
On the other hand, some people are strongly convinced that the family lessons are the most powerful for children. In fact, we cannot defy this point of view because parents are already quite wise people, moreover, they love their kids very much, that is why they always try to assist them and develop them in many sides. For example, many parents tend to believe that schools are not substantial and all useful information their children may obtain at home. Additionally, learning life from your family may be benefitial because youngsters will not be afraid to be judged or labelled by society. 
Having mentioned all the arguments above, it is important to conclude that still this issue is quite perplexing and people cannot fully agree towards what is more influential for the children, to learn from outside or to gain knowledge from the family members and their own experience. Personally, I believe that both points are extremely important and crucial nowadays to become a well-educated person and a great member of modern society. 