There is an opinion that it is not feasible to help all people from all over the world. Therefore, the goverments aim to help people only in their countries. I tend to disagree with this statement. This essay will examine the reasons why it is vital to act together. 
As far as I am concerned, nowadays people from all over the world confront with similar problems, including environmental issues, such as deforestation or air pollution. Moreover, every year the impact of climate change increases. It is undeniable that this process should be a priority for every country because it concerns everyone. In this case, it is impossible to tackle these vital issues without joint efforts. The heads of governments should work together in order to save our planet. For instance, nowadays there are some meetings when the leaders of many countries discuss how they should act in different complicated situations. 
Another important aspect that should be mentioned is that there are still some developing countries which need a help from developed countries. Due to the process of rapid urbanization, more and more people move to big commercial centres and capitals. Undoubtedly, the population is booming in many countries. However, there are some problems with poor areas in India and Pakistan. Despite the fact that India is one of the most developing countries, some people do not have an access to water resources. The government of India is unable to provide all the necessary facilities for people. Therefore, other countries who have more power and influence should help. 
In conclusion, one can say that there are many global issues which cannot be resolved without integration. If I had an opportunity to describe this process, I would say that it is a comprehensive process. In addition, all the people should be thoroughly enlightened on these global issues in order to realize how important they are. In that case, everyone will understand that the importance of helping each other cannot be overemphasized. 