Nowadays, the issue of distribution of government's power has been gaining a significant part of society's of attention. 
Should the main powers only contribute to help to the citizens of the country it rules or should it help all the people in need? There are various opinions on this topic, some think the government should only focus on their main responsibility, therefore, their own citizents, others don't believe so. To my mind, it is indeed true that it is the government's main job to focus on people of their country. In this essay I will demonstrate why I believe so. 
First of all, people who consider themselves the citizens of some country obviously expect the government to provide them with all the help in the condition that they need it. However, if the government won't have a clear goal, but only an idealistic idea that they try to follow, it may lead to pretty adverse consequences. While trying to help everyone, some people in government's country will without a doubt be forgotten and will not be provided with any serious help. 
Secondly, to be competent enough to help people of other countries, high level of knowledge in culture is needed. A government of, for example, Spain has great knowledge of this country and its problems. Therefore, they know what problems could be dealt with immediately and what problems need more attentive attitude. By intruding in these problems, other countries could possibly make the situation worse and it could potentially lead to great conflicts and even wars. 
Lastly, helping all people around the world requires large amounts of resources. In our modern world money play a huge role in sustainability of the country. The huge numbers spent on helping people all over the world, could be invested in the flourishing of the government's country. What' important, it can make the life of every person in the country great, it can increase the level of life, demolish poverty inside the country, benefit the social security, etc. 
In coclusion, I would like to say that, at first, helping people all over the world sounds like a great plan. However, it is too idealistic for the conditions we live in right now. In our modern world, it is impossible to fulfill this goal. However, if the governmets of each country focus on their own well-being we could come to a greater future together. 