It is argued that the role of family is of highest importance and has the most crucial impact on child's life. There is another view on factors that affect children such as outside home influence. This essay will discuss both points of view on the issue of influencing a child in different ways and provide several supporting arguments for both of statements. 
As family is the first environment a child is being involved into, it is obvious to suppose that it has the greatest impact. Most of children during their first years of life are surrounded by parents and siblings who rear them and communicate with them the most. Our behaviour and outlook on life and other people is mostly based on what was provided by our parents during the first years of our existence. The way family communicates within and between certain members, the way genders express their positive and negative emotions to each other, take part in housekeeping, separate roles in the house, all of those factors have a great influence on a child and it's future bonds and relationships. As kids may see a loving father, taking care of all family, supporting and listening to his wife and her desires, they cultivate a certain portrayal of their future family and the way it is appropriate to communicate with people in general. 
Unfortunately, not all children have these role models, and even if they do, some parents prone to behave in an unacceptable manner around their kids. This is the point, when outside worls steps in. As children are treated badly of not treated at all in their houses, they tend to spend more and more time on the streets, where urban life shows them how to survive. Generally' as we have to be prepared for communication with all sorts of people, it is necessary for child's development to interact with an outside world. Furthermore, if regular families are taken into consideration, after interacting with peers, attending school, it is vital for a kid to make friends and even compare himself with some of them to state and achieve certain goals. 
In conclusion, it is immensely important to state that family has the most influence on a child during his first years of life, but from my point of view, nevertheless, we spend most time of our life with an outside world and even if our family tries to shape us in a certain form, the bigger impact we would still recieve from outside home. 