A significant amount of research in the field of science is financed by private coprorations rather than governments. It is highly argued by some people that this is a positive trend, while others believe it has more shortcomings. This essay suggests that the benefits of such phenomena are far more convincing than its drawbacks. 
With regard to the advantages, one apparent reason in favour of private companies is the fact that they most frequently have a vested interest in a research they are paying for. Owners of huge companies always seek for ways to improve their activity and research in a given area is a great method to do it. Moreover, private conpanies will most likely provide direct help as well. Not only will the money be provided for researchers, but also the necessary equipment or a laboratory to work in. This illustrates that in this case the cooperation is at its highest level, which makes the whole research process more effective. 
Obviously, every coin has two sides and this trend is not an excepetion. sometimes it is clear that govermnents are capable of providing a research group with a bigger sum of money, which will eventually open up more opportunities. However, it is not always the amount of money that is crucial, it is the interest and motivation that serve as a key to success. One may also say that private companies are not completely transparent with people when it comes to the results of the reasearch. They may sometimes twist the results to suit their own ends. Even though this is possible, the same could be suggested about research carried out by governments. 
All things considered, the positive sides accosiated with the given situation sound more reasonable than its minuses. Besides having a vested interest in fanancing a research, private companies tend to work side by side with the scientists. The facts that governments are more powerful in terms of money and ocasional dishonesty of companies are not strong enough to outhweigh the advantages. 