Nowadays private companies fund science far more often than governments do, but there is no clear opinion whether it is beneficial for the development of science or not. In this essay main ideas in favour and against each option will be described and then compared in order to find out whether the upsides of recearch being payed for and carried out by private companies outweight the downsides. 
Talking about advantages, funding scientific researches by private companies makes perfect sense in countries that cannot afford spending a significant part of their budget on science for reasons more or less understandable. The amount of money that government controls is always limited, and rather frequently the country has other priorities rather than paying its scientists. In this case private companies with their money can be very helpful. Moreover, in some countries there are fields of study that do not get enough or any financial support at all for ideological reasons. For example, a conservative government is not very likely to provide a research concerning the issues of gender or sexuality with a sufficient amount of money - or any money at all. 
Nevertheless, there are reasons why private companies paying for most researches and even carrying them out is not as beneficial for science as it might seem. Firstly, one's vest interest has to be taken into consideration, a nice example of it being the researches funded by tobacco companies, which has shown that smoking is in fact a very healthy habit. Obviously, the government may be as corrupted and subjective as any other organisation, but at least it is supposedly not directly interested in the results themselves. In addition, some fields of study, no matter how substantial in reality, do not seem fascinating and momentarily useful, therefore, the likeliness of them attracting sponsors is not too high, and that is another reason why the government has to take care of it. 
To sum up, it is hard to tell whether private companies or governments should be solely responsible for the development of science. In some cases the advantages of current situation clearly outweight the disadvantages, in some cases vice versa, depending mostly on the political regime and general state of things in the country. The healthiest solution appears to be mantaining balance between the number of researches supported by either side and their quality. 