In today's world, it is private companies rather than governments who pay for and carry out most scientific research. 
Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages? 
Science is the essence of progress. Nowadays, it is developing rapidly. Every day more and more breakthroughs appear in the world. However, not all countries can provide scientists with sufficient financial opportunities. Many people suppose, that it is the role of gouvernment to allocate grants for scientists. However, there are those who consider that private companies can pay for research being conducted. 
On the one hand, many developing countries are just unable to fund researchers since they do not have sufficiant funding feasibilities. That is why, in that case it is better when private companies pay for research because it is the only way to stimulate the evolution of science. Moreover, instanes of rigging the data are also prevalent among gouvernment. Consequently, citizens cannot have a strong guarantee that the rersearch carried out by their parlament is not flawed. For example, many counrties paid billions dollars to device the drug that would reduce effects of flu. As the result, they developed the Tamiflu that could only reduce the symptoms for some hours. However, the results of the trials are withheld even from international companies that spesialize in the analisys of data. These days there are ongoing debates on the use of Tamiflu among doctors. Additionaly, the methods a used by commercial companieas considered to be more effective and modern since they use advanced technologies. 
On the other hand, scientific research carried out by the gouvernment is more unbiased and valid since private companies can twist the figures to suit their own ends. There is a great number of manipulations that people can do to boost the competitivenes of their product. For instans, 20 years ago pharmaceautical companies devised new generation pills to cope with apathy and depression. It was stated that the drugs had less side effects. However, in reality the company just gave too low a dose to the patiens and withheld negative trials from authority. Therefore, people cannot consider such these tests reputable. 
To conclude, i would like to emphasize that even though there is no perfect solution to this problem and there is always a risc of research misconduct, it seems to me that private companies will only improve the development of science if they contribute to the research. 