"In today's world, it is private companies rather than governments who pay for and carry out most scientific research. 
Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?"
Science plays a really important role in our life. Science and its research, breakthroughs and inventings can be regarded as an engine for the mankind's development. Throughout the history, we have invented and found many things, that simplify our everyday life. Nowadays, the role of science is estimated as the vital one. Some countries fund a lot of researchers and universities to sustain a good level of scientific awareness, while others do not pay enough attention to the scientific research. Thus, as a reason, many private companies has begun to pay for these research. 
On the one hand, the scientific research is better to be paid and supported by the government, as the government has more money and power. Thus, it can provide more advanced technologies, data and opportunities, so the scientists' armoury is wider and wealthier. Moreover, if the research is funded by government, it is automatically carried out on a grander scale, so the public will know about the results and findings with the help of press faster. 
On the other hand, sometimes we cannot fully trust a research, funded by government, as countries often have a vested interest in the findings. The results can be manipulated and twisted even in statistics for the sake of government's authority and personal goals. For example, the number of casualties and fatalities of the World War II have been disguised from Soviet people for many years after the war and its atrocities. Moreover, many people are convinced that private research is more trustworthy, because it is independent. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that in my opinion both private and government funded research findings may be manipulated or twisted. I believe that people have to be critical about information they receive, and have a healthy level of critisism. Still, the private research' findings for me are more preferencial. 