Nowadays there are many resources, where people have the oppotunity to download films, videos and music. Some people claim that copying media files from the Internet is the illigal action, while others say that it is not true. However, I agree with those who argue that sharing and copying music or films should not be punished. In this essay I am going to discuss my personal opinion. 
On the one hand, the main aim of musicians and film directors is to show their products for the large amount of people. What I mean by this is that they upload their music or videos on the Internet by themselves for improving the level of people's Internet views. Hence, they become more popular in spite of losing money. For example, the famous film producer try to make his or her product much more remarkable, but he or she understands that not all people have got any possibilities or money to consume it. Therefore, the film director reaches his or her goal of having striking audience. In a nutshell, it could not be punished, because pirate copies play the beneficial role for films and music producers. 
On the other hand, I suggest that the Internet has got an extraordinary power. Consequently, it is really hard to find all copies of media files through out web sites like Facebook, You Tube, VK or other Internet nets. It connects with my argument, because coping and sharing music is actual nowadays. Actually, there are special apps for doing this practice, therefore, the government or police would spent the huge amount of time and money for organize the process of catching Internet users, who share media product with friends. In my view, currently, downloading music, watching illegal pirate copies and sharing it with other Internet accounts is the type of communication, which becomes the normal action and norm at all. 
As has been show above, it is clear to me that copying and sharing media products is not theft, because in our modern world nobody would pay for original varions. Moreover, sharing media product on the Internet is the vital and effective way of producing and advertising music or films. Hence, downloading and coping files would not be punished. 