With modern technologies and sources of communication such as the Internet. Social media and so on it becomes so easy to share and download music, videos and films through the Global Networks. In this case, musics and films are in the free access and everyone can get this everywhere and everywhen. It is a serious problem for musiciand and film producers as their works are spread for free, and, what is more, in the free Internet access they are illegal. Many people think that those who spread, download and share this media files should be punished. I partly agree with this idea. 
First of all, it is not a secret that nowadays there are a lot of programmes for downloading and listening the music, which can be installed on the mobile phones. There are both legal and illegal programmes. As a rule, legal programmes demand some fees for using. Take for example Apple Music where all songs are payment, but they all are legal, so there won't be any problems with the authorship. However, paying money for music can be too expensive for ordinary people. That is why they prefer free programmes. Personally, I have two points of view. I think that it is wonderful if people won't break the law and won't be download illegal music, but I also think that if person can't afford pay for music, person shouldn't be punished for that, because almost everyone, espesially young people, enjoy listening the music. 
Secondly, in the Internet people can find a lot of sites where they can download or watch films online. Nevertheless, there are also legal sites where it is possible to buy films and watch them without breaking the law. As I think, people download films illegally because they won't spent money in order to watch films at home. If people want to watch the film, they go to the cinema and pay without any regards. In this case, I also think that people shouldn't be punished for watching films at home for free, but I think that it would be better if people mostly prefer to go to the cinema. 
All in all, there are two points of view on the idea that people mustn't copy or download musics and films illegally. Of course, it would be better if everyone will be honest. Musicians and film producers make a lot of effort to create music and film, that's why people must appreciate this and don't spread illegal media. However, I think, people shouldn't be punished if they want to listen the music or watch a film and if they don't have money for that. 