A lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the Internet. Many Internet users prefer to have a free access to mediafiles. Today it shapes the agenda in governmental structures and politicians and lawers discuss confentious issue about some restrictions and punishments for illegal users of media-products on the web-resources. 
The protection of intellectual property is an ambitious aim of post modern state. Because of increasing amounts of new technologies pirates have broad opportunities to share official production by free pirate copies on the Internet. Few years ago it was harder to find pirates and users of their illegal production. However, today the protection of intellectual rights is connected with access to IP-addresses of users. Producers of copies are banned by Internet-providers in many countries. However, the methods of restriction of users activities undermine their freedom of access to information. Some people are punished because they realize their rights connected with basic freedoms. So, the punishments that protect intellectual rights stay against the basic right of free access to information. Furthermore, producers of pirate copies should be found and identified, because they provide risks either intellectual property of oficial media-companies and artists, or Internet users, who use free information because of their basic right. These pirates undermine financial balance of intellectual right's owners. Moreover, the users of copies, who share pirate information and not only use it, become pirates themselves. However, simple users of downloaded copyfiles should have undermined access to information on the Internet. Laws and provided punishments should be used by officials against producers of pirate files. 
Inspite of cost of official producers of media-content, the government can do restrictions only on products of pirate information and not on users. In addition, government is able to find punishments and methods of pirate's identification in the future.