There is a popular opinion, that violating the copyright is a robbery, so the people who use the pirate software and digital content are criminals, so their actions should be prevented and punished properly. There is also an opposite opinion, which says that the things have changed in digital era, so copyright legislation should be reformed nowadays. 
It is likely to say, that second opinion has more convincing arguments that prove its relevance. First of all, there is a big difference between using pirate content in commercial and non-commercial aims, that should be mentioned. In first case, making money from the piece of art, which doesn't belong to one, is literally a crime and should never be allowed, like other cases of thefts. In second case, consumer doesn't get any commercial profit from using the pirate content, so it could not be called a criminality, because the aim of such use is not a violating of property rights, but just baring enjoyment from the piece of art. 
The second argument is the case, that fighting for copyright is not productive for modern artists. Nowadays, it is very hard and expensive to delete the information from the Internet every time it appears. This amount of resources will not be covered by the profit from content every time. Modern digital technologies provide such sources of gaining profit, as crowd-funding platforms, receiving donations from the fans or just promoting one's own concerts, exhibitions or performances, which could be monetized either. 
The point of people, who defend the copyright is that the artists actually suffer from misgetting the profit from their art, and this doesn't let then to provide appropriate life standarts. In opposite way, it could be mentioned, that the most profitable content is not independent, it is a part of record labels, producer center's etc., which take the biggest part of gained profit to themselves, while artist takes the least slice, so modern system of copyright is bad for creators, but good for those who don't create content, but only widespread it. 
In conclusion, it could be said that the system of copyright is rather old, and doesn't respond to requirement of digital art, it is not fair and it could be reformed in certain ways, because the modern technologies can provide different forms of making an art profitable.