Nowadays there is a higly controverisal argue about illegal pirates that is related to downloading musicians or film-makers products without paying for it and this fact has led to argue about whether pirates should be punished or not. This essay agrees that illegal copying or sharing should be banned. Developed Internet services allow people get almost everything they want and in most cases they can easily find this without making any payments. Every year there are thousands of incidents of illegal music sharing that has a negative impact on musicians salary. For instance, when some people refuse buying the original songs or albums, song writers and singers lose their stimules to create new music because they expect mostly illegal downloading instead of legal purchasing. To prevent this, many contries have announced restrictments and punishment for pirates, and it varies from simple blocking of pirate resources to such punishment as to be arrested. As the biggest part of music-makers or producers suggest, pirate copies and people who share illegal products should be panished in the same way as thieves. Firstly, all the things made originally by musicians or film-producers, are their intellectual ownership. And if pirates allow themselves copying it, it means that they understand all the consequances of their decisions. However, many people nowadays, especially in developing world, cannot afford to buy special misic account or to pay for movie tickets, so they use illegal ways of getting songs or movies, but it leads to losing money for original owners and so new albums and films will not be created anymore, so even such people should be punished or at least restricted from using illegal sites on the Internen. Secondly, there is a big problem of copying, especially new films. Often pirates buy only one ticket and record a movie and then share it on their sites, and so other people may not pay for watching it. To solve this problem, for example, in Russia their is the Anti-Pirates law that implies harsh punishemts, allowing put pirates in prisons. In conclusion, there is a real loss in revenues of misical labels and film production companies due to actions of illegal copying, so I personally think that people who use this kind of getting products should be panished and this panishment is lekely to be strict enough to prevent pirates from what they do.