Musical and film industry lose a lots of money in a modern times because of illegal copies and "pirates" attacks. The problem is that people nowadays prefer download some films and music albums from internent. As a result, musicians and film producers lose their money, because none of people want to buy their works. 
As for me, I agree with this point of view. And I also will try to prove it. The first thing is, that musicians and film producers waste their time and nerves while makeing something new. A lot of my friends are musicians and they say that it is realy hard to record something good without having enough maney. Imagine how wasteful the film is: operators work, paying to actors etc. Pirate copies make musicians and film producers less motivated, because in the end they get almost no money for their work. The second thing is, that every musician need money. It is well known fact that domestic recordings are not so good. Recording in a studio costs a lot of money; the same thing with mastering a composition or song. Musicians hope that they will sell their recording for example in i-tunes and earn some money to make new music and new albums. This second fact shows that music industry is too wasteful like cinema and pirate copies destroy the enthusiasm of musician. The last fact about such topic is that concerts don't give enough money to cover all wastings. We can say that cinema industry has the same problems too. 
But some people say that they don't need money to produce something new. For example in underground culture money don't play an important role. The concept of underground may seem strange. Films and music contains strong language and forbidden topics. It is clear that people won't pay any money for that. Pirate copies are not forbidden in underground; reverse, this culture adore this. Illegal copies make free advertisment for some musicians. 
To sum up, I would like to say that illegal copies influence really bad on film producers and some musicians because as we can know from above these two industries needs a lot of money. But for others, pirate copies seems so good. It's their point of view. As for me, (as I said before) illegal copies will be always bad thing in internet.