A lot of people nowadays copy and share music and films through the Internet, so other people have an opportunity to download it for free, instead of spending time and money by buying the original versions of this products. 
I completely disagree with this point of view on this global problem. Firstly, new albums of famous musician groups could cost a lot of money for the first time after the release it to the market. So, not all people could allow to buy it. So, the only way to get it is to download through the Internet. 
Secondly, because of some reasons you are not able to find your favorite musician disc or film in the market, but you can find this material in the specific sites, like Torrents. So, you have an opportunity to spend less time in operations of getting necessary product. 
From my experience, I used sites with illegal pirate copies by approximately four or five years and could find and download a lot of films, music and video games for free. And there are few million people, that doing the same things every day even despite the fact, that these pirate sites had been closen by the government. 
Thirdly, it is more convinient to download files on the PC and not to collect a lot of unnecessary disces in your room. 
So, the government should legalize this type of copying and sharing musician and filmography products, because it is more available for mostly all citizens of the country. And the government mustn't punish them because of the fact that, they don't buy original discs. For this reason, government should create a few special sites and take its under their control. 
To summarize, people, who use these types of sites should be punished only if the government legalize these sites. So, after that all persons could get a legal access to these products. If government doesn't do such things, the sites should be clothed and all the creators of the sites should be punished. But, for my opinion, it would be efficient for all citizens in the county, if the pirate sites would be allowed for them.