Many parents nowadays are worried about their teenage children for a reason. Allegedly, the number of crimes committed by young people has increased and, therefore, something has to be done to stop this tendency. In this essay I will discuss the problem and try to come up with certain solutions. 
Firstly, the reason for young people committing crimes might lie in their mental health. One of the urgent problems at schools in the twenty first century is bullying. Many youngsters become victims of bullies, they suffer from constant jokes and sometimes can even get beaten up. As a consequence, they want to express their anger which may come out in a form of a crime. An example for this can be found in multiple records of how pupils came to schools and shot their classmates. The possible solution may include bringing up this issue in schools and create some kind of movement against bullying. This might make bullying seem unappealing and, therefore, less popular. As a result, the number of crimes triggered by this facet will decline. 
Secondly, many young people fail to get along with their parents and sometimes can do things just to make them mad, or because of constant fights. This happens due to the fact that family is quite important in the life of every human, so when you feel you are not loved and understood, you want to substitute it somehow. The point is that many youngsters commit crimes in order to get attention from their parents or to prove them something. So, the best solution one can think of here would be creating a warm atmosphere at home where teenagers could feel loved and supported. Parents should try to understand the problems of being a teenager and try to help their children go through this period reducing the number of stressfull situations as often as possible. 
To sum up, many crimes young people commit stem from problems they have in school and family which are the most significant institutions in the life of a teenager. That is why both teachers and parents should be aware of the hurdles youngsters are facing and try to help them in all the possible ways.