Ecology is proven to be a recognised and actual issue all over the world. Nowadays air pollution and global warmimg, which can be named expected results of regular air travel, appear to be widely discussed by both citizens and governments. Whether the amount of air travel should be reduced by legal measures is a controversial question worth discussing. 
Some people claim that introducing laws which decrease the amount of trips made by air transport means is a proof of overreacting and not being able to suggest an actual solution of this issue, which is an opinion I share. To begin with, while air travel does contribute to air pollution and global warming, it is not the main souce of the issues and there are other spheres to be noticed by concerned people. Moreover, with the introduction of such laws getting to another place by air would turn out to be much more difficult and take more time and money, which can have bad consequences when an immediate need to travel appears. In addition, extreme contorl of the air travel sphere might result badly in terms of jobs and burocraty. 
However, there are people who believe that providing laws to contorl and specifically reduce air travel regularity is absolutely necessary. Firstly, it is the governments' responsibility to step up when a world-wide issue has reached a crucial condition. Secondly, it is imeprative that some actions in the ecology sphare are taken and a possible decrease in the amount of air travel is a practical first step in this course. Thirdly, this idea might increase people's awareness of the issua and make them consider more advantages and disadvantages for ecology when making a decision to travel by air. 
In conclusion, the possibility of introducing such laws seems to be drawing people's attention for a number of reasons; with heated discussions of the issue such measure would be not advised until more detailed agreements are reached. Hopefully, in the future a solution will appear that will not include making unnecessary barriers for people willing and/or in need to travel by air.