Nowadays plenty of countries spend huge amounts of money on developing science in the field of space. However, there is still a need to solve a lot of problems on the Earth, such as global warming, deforestation, poverty, lack of water and etc. Some people suppose that it is essential to find firstly solutions to issues on the Earth, and only after that explore space, other being the complete opposites to this point of view. This essay aim at discussing which of these ideas seem more reasonable and sensible. 
On the one hand, through discovering the space society is able to obtain knowledge abot the Universe and its laws of physics. For instance, it can be fruitful because of the fact that people can implement this knowledge on the Earth in order to invent some new technologies based on what they have found out in the space. Moreover, space exploration can contribute to such fascinating thing as discovering other planets, which are available for life. For example, if someday our planet becomes overpopulated, we will be able to spread the human race on some other planets. 
On the other hand, it is estimated that there are a lot of tackling issues on the Earth. For instance, people in developing countries suffer from poverty, in Africa there a lot of villages where there is a lack of drinking water and food. I strongly believe that countries with a good economy should fund money into projects which transport essential goods to the countries with the lack of money. Furthermore, there are a lot of endangered animal on our planet due to such environmantal problems as deforestation, global warming, air pollution and many others. These issues are very urgent and we need to find solutions in order to preserve endangered species. 
When both sides of the argument are looked at I would like to emphasize the fact that space exploration being a fruitful field of science still should not be more important for us than solving some economical and environmental urgent issues. If we do not fund projects to solve tackling problems, it will inevitably lead to economical crisis or environmental disaster.