Over the past years the crime cases has become to carry out more frequently. Currently the highest number of crimes relates to the age group of young people while in the past this trend wasn't so catastrophical. In this essay I will discuss possible reasons why it happens and provide potential solutions to crack down on the existing problem. 
One possible reason of its happening can be explained by the development of cutting-edge technology. A bunch of sources became accessible than they had been before. As a result young people have infinite variaty of information from entertaiments to cruel videos. For instance, they watch films where there are killings, rapings, maggings and other types of crime. It leads to the development of the feeling that a crime is such a common thing that is normal to commit because in the screen it is committed so often. They observe that some of people who committed a crime are not caught, sent to the prison and punished. They want to be similar to their favourite protagonists from the screen, to those "bad boys". One of the possible solutions can be done by making a prohibition for young people to visit sites where there are such films. But first of all people should create separated sites where there are these movies. 
The second reason can be explained the the lack of bringing up amoung young people. The fact is that some parents work around the clock and they practically do not have enough time to talk to their children, to explain them to what possible consequences their crime actions can lead and how it is actually scared. As a result children raise by their own communicating and spending time somewhere in the street with children whose situation in the family is similar to theirs. One of probable solutions to this problem can be done by changing working hours among adults who have children under the age. They should be given flexible working hours with the possibility sometimes to work from home in order they do not spend time in transport but spend this time with their family. 
In conclusion, this is actually one of the most terrible problem in our society that escalates day by day. All the measures to solve it should be done immidiately otherwise it will lead to disastrous consequences.