Nowadays, a crime rate is quite high in almost every country if comparing to the past. Statistics tell that the number of youngsters who committe crimes are increasing year by year. In my opinion, there are some general causes of this trend and possible sollutions. In my essay I will describe them. 
Very often this issue has its roots in deprived childhood and not sheltered upbringing. Sometimes, children are living in bad conditions and do not have enough food and clothes. In such situations, they can try to bring some things from shops and from their friends because they just do not understand why someone has it and they do not. To tackle this problem parents and teachers shold always teach children to be honest, hardworking, kind to reach their goals by hard work and passion, not by crimes. Many young people with deprived childhood and wise upbringing reach success in the future. 
However, the problem may stem from a broken home or parents who do not care, too. When parents have conflicts they may divorse, and a child stay with one of the parents. In such situation, a child do not see both parents often because the one who he or she is living with has to work a lot. So, very often parents do not care about the upbringing and teaching of the child. And a young man or girl may meet bad company and no one can tell him or her that it is not right because parents do not care or do not have time for their son or daughter. So this company starts to committe crimes and so does the child and then he is going to prison. And the life is ruined. To tackle this problem, parents should care and not forget about their children education. They should know who are the friends of the child, what they are doing together. And if taechers notice something unusual, thay have to inform parents. 
To sum up, nowadays, there are many young criminals, far more than it used to be. There are quite a lot of situations that can lead to crimes commited by children. However, there are many ways to stop this. And the ones who can help children are mostly their own parents and teachers.