There is no doubt that travelling by air transports has totally transformed our lives. It is difficult for everyone to imagine the sky with no plane, to go on a long trips and voyages only by train and car as these vehicles seem us too slowly now. Despite air transport is really useful, it produces poisonous emissions in the air and contributes to global warming. 
To my mind, it would be great if our government create some laws to reduce air pollutions. It is obvious that the problem of pollution is connected with an enormous amount of different kinds of transport. Actually, this issue is caused not only by air transport. In such cities like Moscow the biggest part of these emissions is produced by private and public transport that everyone use everyday. Cars, taxis and some buses damage our atmosphere much more stronger than planes and helicopters. It is quite complicated for government to introduce a law which can safe our air from pollutions and maintane an atmosphere clean. For instance, nowadays there is a quick development of vehicles that work from electricity or from alternative energy resources, but not everyone will change their own comfortable transport on such electricity cars as they are quite expensive and difficult to charge (in Moscow there is no special stations for charging electric transport). 
However, it is thought that air travels are more harmful due to huge sizes of engines of air transport. Planes or helicopters need much more petrol than those vehicles we use on the ground. Consequently, they through out a lot of emissions in our atmosphere, more than public and private transport. This opinion is quite faire. 
Overall,I believe that our governments should not concentrate only on changing out transport, but also on the people's upbringing. Probably if we start to tell children about serious problems of ecology, of air pollution and global warming, we could influence their minds and make them to carry our atmosphere. May be in 20 years we all start to use bicyles instead of cars and taxis, or we will try to get our destinations on foot, not by buses. And of course, the pollution caused by air transport will reduce.