Nowadays the data shows that the crime rate is constantly decreasing in most of the countries. However, it is usually not mentioned that, at the same time, this rate is rising for some of the groups as, for instance, teenagers and young people. In this essay I will elaborate on major causes of this problem and on some possible solutions to it. 
The first factor that could lead to the increase of crimes commited by the young is a rather significant number of children who become orphans. It is a well-known fact that the example of family is vital for the right upbringing. When kids don't have this example as well as love and affection that they need so much while growing they are more exposed to the danger of becoming a part of the world of crime. In this case the burden of solving of this problem lays on teachers. If a kid is raised without parents teachers should play the role of an advisor and tutor on whom children can relay and who will be a great example of a decent person. 
The second reason for the rise of the juvenile crime is the exposure of the young to the violence which they observe on a daily basis while watching TV or playing computer games. Nowadays with the technological advancement entertainment industry is developping dramatically and one of its most promising spheres is computer and 3d technology. Unfortunately, they tend to be more and more focused on violent games and films which involve burgling, kidnapping and even killing people. Children who are very sensible to the examples they see around them can adopt this behaviour and consider it as a normal one. The solution to this problem can be the restriction of acces to Tv and computers and the control of the content on them by parents. Besides, there are some special programs that can be intsalled in order to help parents to control their children's usage of computers and TV. 
To conclude, although the problem of the increasing juvenile crime is extremely crucial, there are some steps and tactics that can be effective as, for instance, the support of orphans by their teachers or the control of the acces to television and computers.