Nowadays it can be clearly seen than situation among the young people committed crime changed dramatically and it became a very daily problem. More adolescents became thieves or even murders and it cannot but grieve. As for me, a lot of my schoolmates are in prison now or have previous convictions. In this essay I would like to introduce this problem, discuss different reasons of it and give some possible solutions. 
In our time adults do not care a lot about their children. Teenagers have free access to the internet, they entertain themselves in different ways which are not always safe or lawful. Because of it most of teenagers consider that everything is available for them and do not care much about future consequences. They begin to steal food from supermarkets, bull and beat their classmates in order to take their money, jump from the trains and do any other dangerous and indecent things. Most of them are trying to that in order to attract their parents' attention. As a solution, I would like to suggest parents to be more attentive to their child, to speak more, to discuss their daily problems. It could really help teenager not to feel him/herself abandone and alone. Moreover, the access to internet and other sources in which child could see violence should not be free. Parents should limit it in soft way and to give their children explanation of their action. 
Another important issue is that nowadays crime became popular and even encouraged by social media. Every day teenagers watch different TV-shows, movies, play games consisted of violence. They take it as an example to follow and begin to repeat actions the saw. As a solution I would like to offer social networks and social media at all to restrict their materials and their content, not to allow to public materials which include crime. Children should see only good examples on the screen to bring it to reality. For example they could introduce more programms about sport or healthy way life, stories of different succeful people and people whose lives were ruined because of their criminal past. 
To sum up, I would like to say that crime can really ruin and spoil our society. However, more and more teenagers are becoming involved in it. Those young people are our future and that is why we should not let them become criminals. Howbeit, it should be done in a nice manner in order not to be too strict but understanding and supporting.