Today, more and more young people commit crimes and it has always been a topic for the agenda. Some people argue that children are not controlled well by their parents, others tend to say that it is the government to blame for these issues. In this essay, I will outline different causes why young people commit crimes and possible solutions of how to tackle these issues. 
Firstly, lots of people blame parents for not rearing their children in a proper way. Children who are not well prepared for the world's environment tend to riot and do illegal things just to prove thair uniqueness. Morever, uncontrolled children continiously play computer games with a lot of violence and if they are not aware of the possible harmfull consequences it may cause, they mirror the doing in the game to their lives and, as a result, become those who commit crime unconsiously. 
Secondly, the government can be a cause. The more crimes exist, the less government use its special forces to protect people from crimes. What is more, police officers should be on duty in every part in any country. If the territory is well-obesvered, it is possible less dangerous because everything is clearly seen. 
In these two cases, it is possible to provide several solutions to deal with these problems. First is to make parents oversee their children more often, which can be done by creating friendship relationship with children, at the same time not overwhelming them with the controll. Everything needs to be balanced. Second solution to the another cause can be creating extra police force and develop new ways to oversee the territory. 
To conclude, I would like to say that the issue about young people who commit crimes is quite vital and needs to be studied more precisely. Each solution, whether it is providing the whole awareness of children that crimes are illegal, or whether it is about increasing the controlling of the therritory. Each solution is a long-term method, but tackling the problems about crimes should begin as quickly as possible.