The majority of the most popular and successful films is produced in the USA and the UK. Despite the fact that other counries make films too, they are still not as popular as their British and American competitors. 
Needless to say that the USA is the only country which has a special area which is responsible for producing films and other kinds of entertaining products. Hollywood is a place that lures all sorts of talented people who's main aim is to produce a hich quality product. So the first reason why people worldwide love American films is that the USA has a developed industry with passionate gifted prople. Secondly, British and American films provide viewers with all kind of representation they need. In films produced in those countries we can see people of different nationalities, with different religious and cultural beliefs, etc. Moreover, there are a lot of British films that show people that a different from others and it makes viewers inspired. People love watch movies with characters who are just like them or have the same issues. On the contrary, local films mostly show just an average citizen of a country which is not only not interesting for local people but is also not so appealing to foreighners who might not understand local culture. Finally, as we have mentioned Hollywood, we should not also forget that films produced there cost a lot. Local companies producing films simply cannot afford to use visual effects, choose breathtaking locations or invite famous actors. That makes them less interesting to watch and thus less popular. 
One possible solution that can make local films more popular is to provide film producing companies with financial support. It will help such companies forget about lack of money and make their wishes come true which will make films more exciting and complicated. 
However, as far as I am concerned, governments should not give more financial support to local film companies. It is not that I am against the idea of financial support, it is just my firm belief that every country should do what it can do best and should not try to become successful in every sphere.