Nowadays, the sport is considered to be an integral part of our life. Even watching Tv and live sports events can be beneficial. Numerous people strongly support this idea when some of them are against it and regard this activity as useless one. What about me, I support the first point of view. 
Generally, some people are convinced that watching TV programs is a waste of time indeed. Sports events are not an exception. During this period of time, a person can do something more useful and practical: cleaning the house or walking a dog. Moreover, they are sure that it can be bad for health. To illustrate, during a penalty or when a player is suspended or even dropped, the tension rises. As a result, a person watching it starts gesticulating more actively and shouting to express his emotions. As a consequence, he becomes vulnerable to various heart problems, such as heart attacks. Respectively, it may have grave aftermaths. But at the same time, it is a wonderful oppurtunity to express all the emotions, both positive and negative ones. Nevetheless, the disadvantages are plentiful. 
But it is only one side of the coin. Due to sports events, people participate in them to certain extent. They are involved in the process of the game and pay no attention to day-to-day problems. Different matches help them to change more or less their routine. Addutionally, it may be so exciting that finally person wants to become a player of the team and take part in this sport. Definitely, it is a step of great significance that has a positive impact on a health. Although, it is important to remember that the risk of traumas and injuries is also exist. None should neglect his health as it is the most precious thing that we have. The last but not the least is the argument that sport events may play an education role. In my opinion, if person watches it, especially in foreign language, he can broad his vocabulary with sport terms and definitions. Probably, sooner or later, there will be a necessity to use them. 
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that effect of watching sports events is a debatable issue. But I am sure that perks outweigh drawbacks if person does it carefully and not become a reckless fan.