Nowadays, film production is a huge worldwide industry, which suggests all kinds of local realisations in various genres. However, many viewers prefer British or American cinema to local pruducers. To change the situation, some suggest that government should financially support local film industries. But is it a reasonable thing to do? 
To begin with, the most obvious reason for overwhelming popularity of American and British films is globalisation. By watching these films, the viewer is involved in global film-loving community, which speaks English at least as a second language, and have a global discussion about the films everybody on Earth is speaking about currently. 
This is a thing which a non-English film production cannot overcome. However, it is possible to involve foreigners into our cinematography culture. To archieve it, it is a good thing to establish more cinematographic awards, where the films will be shown with English subtitles and where the overseas cinematographists will be invited to be among the judges. 
By doing this, the local film production will have a fresh view on it, and the situations when the directors who know each other well will award each other nearly as friends will be impossible. 
Moreover, it is essential to preserve and develop local cinematographic tradition. 
In order to do this, it is neccessary to financially support cinema schools, where the new generation of the directors can be risen by the older one. Again, it is essential to invite foreign directors and students to exchange expirience. 
On the other hand, in my opinion, financial support in the field of film-making itself sometimes (and often) does not have good results. It happens for the reason that the choice of films to be supported is often performed by people who are more interested in money and are not really connected with actual cinema. For example, a recent film about Russian YouTube bloggers was sponsored by Russian governmental structure, obviosly, due to the popularity of these people. Although huge money were involved into the project, it was not successful at all. Additionally, film inductry is not something that money of the citizens should be spent on. it is not fair when people pay money for something they clearly did not ask for and did not choose to watch. In addition, sometimes the government is trying to replace the dates of release of foreign films with the releases of local ones. For instance, that is what happening in Russia right now. In my view, on the contrary, it makes local film production more undesirible than it already is as this policy is definitely too aggresive. 
All in all, I believe that it is important for government to support educational part of cinema world and to raise prestige of the local film production by establishing international awards. However, I strongly disagree with the point of view that local film production itself should be financially supported.