Due to the increasing intersts in travel around the world, air travel has become the most popular way of getting from one place to another, because it is proven to be the easiest and the fastest at the same time. However, it is not the most ecologically friendly, and many people claim that it significantly contributes to air pollution and global warming. Whether governments should restrict the use of airplaines to help to prevent serious ecological problems is a controversial issue worth discussing. 
There are warious advantages in travelling around the world on the airplane. First of all, one cannot disagree that it is the fastest way to reach a destination. For example, nowadays it is possible to get from America to Australia in about 15 hours, which some years ago seemed absolutely impossible. In addition, airlines may be the only way to help to connect some areas that are situated far away from each other or that people were previously unable to reach. Moreover, reducing the amount of air travel for business and leisure can cause warious difficulties in international communication, cause economical declines in some countires, due to the decreasing number of tourisits visiting them, and may even cause some political problems. 
However, it is also hard not to admit the fact that air travel does actually pollute the air. Firstly, since the number of people willing to travel increases every year, the number of aircompaies and airplanes they provide increases respectively. Secondly, in order to lessen the amount of time spent in the air, airplanes that companies produce become faster and stronger and thus, need more fuel and produce more waste. Thirdly, there are another means of transport that are also becoming more popular, such as ships or trains, which may be more ecologically friendly, than modern airplanes. 
In conclusion, it can be stated that even though airplanes may not be the most ecologically-friendly way of transportation, it does not seem easy and helpful to reduce thei use. Personally, I understand the concerns that some people may have, however I think that there must be another way to solve environmental problems. Hopefully, in the future there will be a way to build airplaines, that do not produse big amounts of harmful waste.