It is stated that in the modern world more young people are criminals than it used to be in the past. This essay suggests the ideas what could cause that social phenomena, and it also gives advice to parents and teachers on the matter what can help the situation. 
As far as I can see, the world where we live now is more complicated that it was years ago, and that is the main reason and the cause. As I know it from my personal experience, once a child becomes a young adult they get scared of the tons of opportunities and responsability they now have. The fear a young man has may lead to panic and misunderstanding what they should do with their life. Therefore, the lack of understanding of the society they live in forces them to make mistakes and as far as the situation deteriorates a person is likely to get influenced by the wrong people. What is more, as soon as a newly-born criminal realises and admits their sins they are already scared of the punishment and harassment they may get. So, even having realised the situtaion, they continue living the way they have been living for a good while. Thus, the main causes of that socail phenomena are complexity of the world we live in and young people's misunderstanding of the modern society. 
Even though it seems to be a global problem that may need a profound approach to solve it, I think it is possible to prevent young people from comitting crimes and even help those who are already considered criminals. The lead should be taken by people who are responsable for children's socialisation: parents and teachers. Both of them should make kids understand that even if they make a mistake they are welcome to rehabilitate and nothing bad will happen to them. Moreover, teachers at school should tell students about how the world live and interact for them not to be scared of the diversity of laws, cultures, ways to live and to work. In addition, young people should be aware of different kinds of institutions existing to help them if they get in trouble. 
To draw a conclusion I want to say that there are more methods that could be applied to help the problem. One method may fail in one society, while it may succeed in the other one. Each young criminal has a story to tell, thus, an individul approach may be needed.