In modern society the crime is important and common known theme as the level of life increases dramaticaly but people still cannot feel safe. There can be many points of view at that problem and different countries choose different methods to reduce crime. 
One way of solving the problem is violence as the answer to violence. There can be prison sentences that longs decades or laws that give opportunity to kill some of the criminals. People who prefere that way believe that it can scare potetial criminals so they would be forced to find other way to live than breaking the law. Moreover, this way prooved its successfullness by decades and centuries of using force to make criminals away from other people. 
The second way of reducing the level of crimes is created to solve the main reason of most of all crimes - the lack of money. There is not a secret that many people live hard and cruel life but some of them have not even opportunity to change it. The people that do not accept long prison sentences believe that laws that protect groups of people who cannot protect themselves, helping to thouse who needs help and the chance to live better life, could increase the global level of education and level of life. More than that, these people propose to help the criminals to solve they problems and make them feel really sorry for the things that they have done to their victims and pay for it. It would also reduce level of crime just because there would not be thouse who does not see other way to solve their problems. 
In my opinion both methods have their problems such as riscs of mistakes of the first way and difficulty of the second. To tell the truth, the first way seems enough right because it provides the opportunity of revenge for the victims of criminals, while the second way may seem too soft and not effective. To make a conclusion, I think that second way is more effective during the long time and it should reconstruct all the society to achieve its goal, but it is the thing that should have been done to defend everyone and to rise the society at the next level of evolution of relationships between humans.