We live in the contemporary world. There are a huge amount of developments in different spheres. The reason of it is globalization. That is why, modern technologies are developing every moment. One of the significant step for development is the space exploration. 
Many people don't disagree with this statement, because they are sure that space exploration is not the urget problem in soceity. First of all, we face to poverty in different countries. Unfortuntaly, governments don't decide this problem . For example, the level of poverty is nearly 70 percent and the government don't take any actions. Secondly, another main problem is environment. The amount of rubbish increases every day. The level of deforestation and air and water pollution is awfully high. However, most governments spent money on deciding this problem. There are new alluminium boxes for separating rubbish in the streets. For example, in Norwegia appears the system of punishment. If you drop the bottle on the ground, soon you will get a paper with a sum, which you should pay. The environment issues in some countries are controlled. But turn to the main question of rational spending money. 
However, nowadays governments try to control the situation in the countries. And now they want to explore the space. On the one side, it is a sensible act. Exploration the space can lead to the new technologies. Maybe soon there new facilities for living or even existing appear. A new brach of travelling will develop. Some people think that spending money on space exploration could be better decision. However, I can't agree with this statement, because it demands a huge sum of money, whereas spending money on medicine and poverty are more cheaper. Moreover, there is a risk that nothing helps to space exploration. For example, special equipment could break and governments will waste money. But if they spent it for other exsitional issues it will help people. 
To sum up, I would like to say that government should spend money on main living issues.