Environmental problems, especially air pollution and it's consequence - global warming - as well, should be obviously solved by detecting their causes. Air travel can be one of the possible reasons for the environment to be harmed especially in terms off air pollution. Some people suppose that the best way to reduce the number of flights is government politics, restricting air travel rules and introducing new laws. However, othe people tend to think, that the precise number of flights is not important, while the very proccess of flight, the specifics of airplanes and fossil fuels utilized play the actual role. 
As far as each person may know, incroducing environmentally friendly technology is a kind of problem all over the world. First of all, it sould be mentioned, that it costs huge amounts of money. Water clearing equipment or car emissions filters are effective but very difficult to get, prepare and use. Special equipment, which would be used to prevent harmful consequences of air pollution made by airplanes, is hard to fetch and serve. Moreover, it brings a significant problem for state's budget, making flight prices grow steadily and reducing commercial benefits. Taking this into consideration, we can see, that environmental protection based on special equipment, used for modifying airplens, clearing fossil fuels is not so effective as it may initially be seen On the other hand, it can be proposed, that all the air travel companies should arrange the number of flights they offer, so as to reduce the actual amount of airplanes used. Business or leisure travel made should be suggested less often and only emergency flights or insutrial goods carrying flights might be maintainted at the same level. Firts of all, this way of sollution the air pollution problem seems to be less harmful for economics: while environmental solution mentioned above demands extra expenses on special equipment, this proposal suggests reducing the amount of benefits maintaining the mechanism of the average air flights scheme. Secondly, modyfying airplanes will take much more time that introducing of air flight rules and laws which will probably keep more passengers consuming air travel offers. As we may see, judical or legal way of transforming air travel business (for environmental purposes) tends to be the most effective and less harmful for both passengers and businessmen. 
To sum it all up, it should be said, that now the most beneficial way to solve all the problems connected with environmental problems out of air travel is to have some changes in flight politics. Introducing laws and rules, rearranging air travel system means saving the very principle of air travel business, helping the environment at the same time, which seems paradoxically less devoted to environment but more environmentally friendly and effective.