Nowadays, a lot of scientists work on the space exploration problem. Governments of many countries spend enormous amount of money on relevant researches, whereas a lot of other problems, such as poverty, hunger or environmental issues are still not solved. So, it is not surprising that many people think that spending money on space exploration is pointless and it would be better to work on solving more urgent problems in society. 
I believe that it is a quite fair opinion. Firstly, it is not smart to spend a huge part of country's budget on space exploration when the economic situation in your country is not very stable. For example, in the last three years Russia did a few unsuccessful experiments with cargo spacecrafts (one of them was "Progress"). These failures cost milliards and it is hard not to get angry when you think about possibility of spending these money on improving medicine or education in Russia. Secondly, the fast progress in this field of researches is not possible without common technical progress, so, spending a huge amount of money on in just makes no big sense for countries, which have not so impressive background and not well-developed technical industry. It is sad, but I am talking about Russia again: in my opinion, the country, which imports most of the technical products, just is not able to be truly successful space power. 
However, it is hard to say that we do not need space exploration at all. It is well known that natural resources are not endless and one of the possible decisions of this problem is colonization of other planets. So, it is smart to start thinking about it right now. But, in my opinion, only the countries with stable economic situation can allow and have to allow themselves to spend big money on such researches and experiments: for example, I think that at this moment Elon Musk is one of the most important people for the humanity because of his space projects. 
All in all, humanity obviously needs space exploration, but it is important to set priorities wisely and not think about space too much when your country has another urgent problems.