Nowadays, even with the good level of life, strict rules and all the essential governemental dids to make the life safe and enjoible, there are still people, who commit crimes. So, what should be done to reduce crime? For me, personally, i think the best way to get rid of crimes is to invent very strict laws and punishments, which you know you could not break or escape. 
Many people believe that by giving longer prison sentences we will reduce crime. I can partly agree with this statement. Firstly, longer prison sentences may cause the fear of staing in prison forever. It is scary to know that you are stuck in the same space for a long amount of time, unable to do things you like. Also, the lac of privacy for many people could be dramatising. Secondly, by extanding the amount of time in prison, you give criminals time to think about what they have done and it gives them a chance to change the way they see the world around and even to change themselves. But does it work like that for evereone? 
That is why other people suggest different way of reducing crime. Other then punishments and fines, it would be great if our government would provide jobs for people who was realised out of prison, because for those people it is very hard to start a normal life, to get a job, so they could break the law again in order to get money for food and clothes. Increasing the amount of money you pay as a fine is anouther way ti reduce crime. I think that not so many people would be able to offord to pay thousands of money to keep out of prison, so they would think twice before commiting a crime. Also, more strict punishments would be essentual. If people know what they are going to face if they break the law and if they know that the would not be able to escape it, they definately would not even think about commiting a crime. 
All in all, i think that stric laws and punushments are essantial to make a healthy society and providing ex prisoners a job could be benefituak not only for them, but also for the gouvernement