Some people consider that British and American films are more popular amongst people all over the world than the films that are produced not in Britain or America. I support this point of view and I see several reasons for that. 
Firsly, Britain and American films are trendy. They predominate in different areas such as arts, fashion, music as well as film industry. The films that were produced in the Hollywood became the examples for others. Many brand-new ideas, plots and characters were introduced here at the first time. Moreover, local directors often copy plots and characters from the foreign movies. Hence, people do not want to watch the movies that are copied from the films they have already seen. 
Secondly, directors in Britain and the USA are given more financial support. They have more opportunities for expensive special effects, stundmen, equipment and further graphic proceeding. So, many people think that these films are more vivid and stunning. 
On the other hand, this point of view is not completely true. There are many Europian films that are loved all over the world, especially French ones. Maybe they are not so popular as American movies, but people enjoy watching them too. 
As for financial support, I consider government should invest some money to the local film industries. First of all, some of these industries are unique, for instance, the cartoon studios in Russia. They earn not so much money selling tickets and their cartoons, but not because they are unpopular. People watch them on the Internet and do not pay money for it. Moreover, there are many talanted young actors who cannot work in the film industry - they cannot earn there enough money for living. So, they need some financial support to continue their work. 
In conclusion I would like to say that British and American films are more preferred in the world because they establish the fashion and trends in the movie industry. Sometimes they are significantly better than other films, but the reasons for it may vary quite a lot.