Nowadays British and American industry of cinema prospers thanks to the high demand of the comsumers from all over the world. Such companies as Hollywood, Worner Brothers or Pixar supply films which any locally produced films could hardly beat. It is supposed that spectators prefer American or British films because of the sufficient financial support given by their governments. 
I strongly disagree with this poin of view and I suppose that only true craftsmanship in cinematography allowes companies given above to prosper wordwidely. First of all, it woths to mention that these companies started their work in 1930s when they consisted of approximately five or six workers but they were skilled and had a great passion in their work. Those were small initiatives which had given their results and only after their first successful films they had become to be sponsored. Secondly, I would like to say that cast and plot of these film produced by American and English companies moslty are unprecendent what makes them to be on the top of the cinema industry. 
However, many people believe that many locally produced films deserve more feedback than they have indeed by the world audience. For instance, Italian cinema has not so many fans as it could because of small scales it is released in comparison to the American or British ones. Moreover, these locally produced films are considered to be masterpieces due to their ideas. Many produsers have a real talent for film creation but it may be hidden because people are mostly interested in popular thrillers or in movies with impressive special effects. 
Against to the arguments given above I can give the examples of the films which were locally prodused but have recieved the worldwide appreciation. Among them are such films as 'Stealing beauty', 'Miracles in Milan', 'Life is beautiful' by Italian produsers. These film have captured the audience thanks to their deep thoughts and sence without any great financial expenditures. 
Taking into consideration all I mentioned above I would like to say that a financial support is not a main reason why American and British cinema industry have a such popularity. There are many other reasons but the main one is a good quality of prodused film, its actors and developed plot with the idea wich makes spectators to think over this film again and again...