Nowadays, in the age of globalization, market economy and active international policy, export and import are extremely important for all countries in the world. And with developing of international relations the important problem emergenced. Should countries trade between each others or, probably, they have to consume only they own produced goods? In my personal point of view, global economy cannot exist without international trade, especially in food market. First of all, there is a common knowledge, that there are a lot of countries, which have no abilities to produce all kinds of goods they need. So, on this ground the international trade existed. It was invented to feel the gaps in countries makets. For instance, one policy can produce the rye and there is no bananas in its territory, so it is logically to sell the part of the crop to another country and buy essential amount of bananas. Moreover, even if the country can afford to produce all types of commodities to live, it is not profitable in some way. Sometimes the level of technological development is too low and production costs are enormously high. Consequently, the price of the commodity increases significantly and citizens just cannot afford this good. It is all about alternative costs. A lot of countries prefer to buy goods somewhere, than produce them by themselves. Nevertheless, there is a popular belief, that all countries need to produce food only for the autonomous consumption. They prove their idea by saying, that logistics costs too much and the price of imported goods is unfairly high. In addition, countries become independent without international trade. Anyway, I strongly believe, that this position is highly unrealistic. Various countries are located in different parts of Earth and the climat is obviously different. That is why, it is simply impossible for several countries to produce essential types of food as rice or cacao beans for example. And the only solution for such politics is to import it from other countries. To make a conclusion, I would like to say, that international trade gives people allover the world an opportunity to be equal. Everybody can choose food of any other type of goods as equal as in opposit part of planet. Hence, the idea about autonomous production cannot exist in terms of global policy.