Nowadays it is becoming more and more common for the countries to import food products instead of producing them on their own. Due to global economic situation where global trading is becoming more common and usual, it is cheaper to import products instead of producing them. For instance, it is a lot easier to have a production in countries such as Phillipines, where are the wages for workers are not that high, than produce something in Europe where the wages are one of the highest in the world. Basically, it all results in a lower price for product because the labor price is included in actual market price of the product. However, people argue that shutting own the production in some countries leads to the increase of starvation, especially in poor African countries. But again, this problem can be easily solved with the help of globalization, by setting the prices for food that would be affordable for every country in the world to buy. Moreover, the imported products can be a lot better than ones, that the country produces by itself. It is especially noticeable if we look at the products such as apples, oranges or bananas. It is almost impossible to grow fruits in the North, if doing it naturally, without the use of any harmful pets. That is why the decision is to import them from the Southern countries, where the climate afford to grow fruits easily. However, some people may say that economic sanction may affect the global trading and there would be no way to import some products, just like it happened with European Union sanction that made the trade between Europe and Russia impossible. This problem is also easy to solve by setting up some laws in order to protect countries and improve the way how global trading is being processed. To conclude with, it is clear that there are many opinion on should countries import food or not. But to my mind, the globalization is the future of the world. It may not be perfect on this point, but if all the countries will be using it in a smart way, everyone would benefit from it. Some countries would be able to import, some countries would be able to grow and all of them would profit from it.