Food is very important for people. But in some countries there are food crysises and in other there are "sea of food". And some people believe that countries should produce food only for their need and not to export it. In my point of view, countries should help each other and produce food not only for own people but for people who cannot produce own food because of having opportunity to do it, economic profit and making multinational bonds. Generally modified organisms are increasing now. Using GMO technology, people can create foods and agrocultures that can be produced everywhere. But, for example, in some African countries there are no landscape and climate to produce organic food. They can use GMO the technology and create some institutions for producing food. Unfortunately, it will be very expensive. Buying organic food in other countries, for example in Russia, can be much cheaper. And some countries have resources to produce much more food than they need and they must use these opportunities. For example, it can be more useful for land to producing that to do nothing. Some say there is no moral to sell products to countries that cannot produce their own food. But, while producing we use some resources and this using must be paid. For example, Russia has the biggest territory in the world. We have many resources. And we can produce much more that we need. We can export some food to other countries that cannot produce these products, to Egypt for example. Egypt has profits from tourists but they have not resources for producing food. And Russia can sell products to Egypt and all people are happy. And, exactly, in process of trading, economic bonds between countries increase. In time these bonds become much stronger and countries become partners in other spheres. And if they has enemies they could help each other in wars and other performances. So, countries should help each other and become closer in. And food expert can help them to create some strong bonds. That why countries need to produce more food that their own population eats and should aim to export as much as possible.