There is an opinion that countries should produce the food that their own inhabitans eats and do not import an enormous amount of theese food. I absolutely agree that it is more rational way to improve economy and other social asspects of the country. The main advantage is that decreasing transoptation costs. If coundry produces the food that its population eats, there is no need to buy commodites from other countries and vaste money on transportation. Moreover, decreasing import can help to avoid taxes on foreign goods, which also leads to deacreasing costs and saving money. One more possitive effect is building factories and farms where the food should be produced will cause impoving the situation with unemployment: there will be a lot of new jobs for population. So, if population has a job, it also has money to waste and the Gross Domestic Product of country will grow. Furthermore, making import as little as possible will lead to protect the native producers in country from foreign companies, it will help them to develop and became better in quality and quantity of food. If country can produce food which it consume, country will be independed from others. It is a very important asspect for goverment and the whole population. Moreover, country cannot be very sensetive with world currencies: if it grows, the prices on food will not, because food is produced without foreign currencies. The last but not least is the economy of the country can considerable increase when there will be situation when country can "feed" its population own self. For example, it can be a reason of increasing export, increasing taxes for foreign companies and others. In conclusion, it should be mentioned that the independence of the country is essential part of becaming the great country. Country should succeed not only in social quastions, but also in economical. That is way every goverment should decline the import and do their best to make the facilities for producing commodities that their own population concumer.