Violance and crimes have always thretened the society and these days, when the amount of crimes committed has grown significantly this problem has become even more tremendous. In my opinion, we face an increasing number of crimes committed by the youth due to lack of communication between parents and their children and the increasing popularity of online social networks. I believe only more effort to cooperate and communicate with young people can be a way to solve the problem. 
Nowadays, the problem is that parents lack interpersonal communication with their children. Families spend less and less time together and that is the reason why young people may fail to obtain valuable moral principles and learn to understand the difference between "good" and "bad". Moreover, the youth tend to spend more time communicating online, where it is much easier to face an example of abnormal behavior and violance. Lack of interaction in real life is substituted with more online communication and this may lead to gaining social norms which are represented in the Internet. But nowadays, there is not control after online social norms, which implies that their quality is quite unpredictable and usually, in fact, quite low. 
As a lack of communication is the reason for quite low moral principles of the young, I believe only more interpersonal relations in real life can make a difference. Schools and parents should do their best to communicate more with the young. More cooperation will allow adults to chare their principles with the young and help them to avoid adopting abnormal behavior which they may face online or even in real life. However, it's important not to restrict the young from using any sources of communication which may seem harmful. It is much more effective to educate young adults why some models of behavior may be impropper. 
All in all, I believe, the key reason of the increased number of crimes, committed by young people is lack of real-life interaction whcih leads which leads to low social norms that young people adopt. The main remedy from that is more effort to cooperate with the young and let them know what the "good" and proper behavior is.