Criminal activity poses a serious threat to modern society, therefore communities try their best to prevent wrongdoing as early as possible. Recent data reveals that more and more adolescents get involved in crimes, therefore the problem requires quick and efficient solution. In this essay we will discuss the major reasons of such statistics and identify prospective means using which teachers and parents could fight this trend. 
Needless to say, our world is full of contraversies and dangers, so young people are frequently exposed to illegal activities. To begin with, development of Internet and social networks weakens parent's ability to bring up their children properly. The Web which content is not always law-abiding and positive greatly impacts teenager's worldview. Second, crimes and violence have already become a part of the mass-culture and these ideas are further developed by blockbusters and video-games. Finally, recent economic difficulties damaged family well-beings, consequently young people might have been commiting crimes for economic purposes. To sum it up, I assume that improper cultural environment, questionable leisure activities and financial factor aggravate the problem of adolescent crime. 
I strongly believe that joint efforts of teachers and parents are indespensable for eliminating youth's criminal activity. As I have mentioned above the perspective roots of the problem lie in the area of leisure time and economic environment, so these matters should be prioritized. Most of the crimes are likely commited out of school, so parents and teacher should ensure that adolescent's free time is passed properly. Introduction of extra-curriculum activities that focus on communication and personal development (for instance, sports, drama classes etc.) would alter teenagers schedule and drastically decrease the risk of wrong-doings. As for - contraversial values shown in mass-culture, parents and teachers should educate the young on such issues as law-abideness and public safety. In case people are fully aware of the grim consequences of criminal offense they would less likely commit it. Deteriorating economic conditions detriment adolescent's quality of life, consequently households and schools could request the local authorities to finance afore-mentioned initiatives to cut the crime rate. 
All in all, the problem of crime among the youth remains vitally significant and should be tackled with urgency it deserves. To reverse such a negative trend parents and teachers should implement a coherent set of measures that eliminate underlying causes of misconducts and wrongdoing committed by adolescents.