Today the number of crimes and felonies committed by teenagers and young adults is growing steadily and reaches a peak compared to previous years and centuries. This trend highlighted by newspapers and TV shows attracts public attention and raises a question of possible causes and solutions of the prominent problem. 
In a modern world, young people can obtain an easy access to the information published in the Internet, which includes a wild range of cruel TV-series and games. It is a well-known fact that watching TV and playing video games leads to increased violence among people. 
Being active users, young people transfer the actions and behavior from imaginary worlds to the real one. Moreover, the pace of living of today's adults implies that they have less time left for bringing up their children if they choose to pursue their careers. As a results, kids are not aware of proper public and social rules. What is even more important, the lack of parents' attention pushes them to cruel and violent behavior on the streets. The growing concerns about the issue lead to an active discussion and enforce the society to solve the problem. 
Children spend a great part of their time with parents. The latter could explain social rules in more details and save kids from negative impact of others. 
Young adults' behavior is the result of the upbringing and parents affect it directly. If they explain better what is allowed and what is prohibited, the number of teenagers' crimes will plummet. Moreover, if parents keep their kids busy with hobbies and interact with them more actively, children will have less time on cruel video games. The second part of kids' time is spent in school. Teachers could influence students, being more patient and paying more attention to their lives. The school community could organise a series of meetings on psychological support. If children feel that they are not deprived of help in times when they are in trouble, they will not commit crimes. 
The increased level of young adults' crimes is a warning signal in a modern world. Teenagers and children spend more time playing cruel video games and watching poor quality TV shows that lead to violence and crimes. 
Parents and teachers have to pay closer attention to the problems of the growing generation and help them to overcome their troubles, otherwise the rate of crimes commited by young people will only climb.