In fact I'm very surprised that in the 21st century the humanity still deals with crimes - we are not savages, at least we don't think that we are savages, but what can we see everyday on TV and in the Internet? Crimes - corruption, murders, terrorists' attack. Why do people commit crimes? Are they really so immoral? And why do young people become criminals? 
As for me, the majority of young criminals have been born in not very healthy and well-educated families. We all know that there are some families that have a criminal past or present, in which parents (or a parent) drink or have a drug-addiction. Usually such families are very poor and fathers and mothers do not pay much attention to their children. Children see poverty, alcohol and drugs, they get used to this things, they also get used to crimes (may be they even think that it is a normal way of living and solving their problems). Such teens are usually drug-deallers, or thieves, or murderers. What can we do to help these people? It seems that their parents are not our partners if they are criminals themselves. What about teachers? As for me, teachers can help - they are able to discuss with their students different aspects of life, show that everyone can earn his living in a law way. Their also can organize any group activities - teachers and students are able to grow vegetables together (and help hungry students, who can't eat normally at home), clean school's yard, go in for sport, do any projects - about science and society. It seems that the government can also help these children by protecting them from violence, propahanding a healthy way of life, giving the same opportunities as the children from rich districts have. 
There is another type of criminals - children who have been born in rich families, they have everything from their birthday and have nothing to do. These young people are usually drug addicted. It seems that their parents can fix the problem - they shouldn't buy their children everything they want and show that a child should earn what he wants by himself. Teachers also can help parents in creating a good image of self-development and productive labour. Also there are teens and then young adults who have been born in rich families and which parents are not very honest - I'm talking about corruption. There are a lot of examples, when a child continues his parents' "business" and also steals government's money. That's not good, but parents can't help it this situation - only school and society can change the attitude of a child to corruption. 
Teachers cannot only discuss this crime with students, but also show the problems of corruption - poor children without parents, ill children and adults, bad streets, low teachers', and doctors' wages, poor old people - they all need extra money, which can be taken from the government's money. 
Also there are a lot of other types of criminals - from rich, poor and middle-class families. They all have their own problems and aims, reasons and solutions. But there is one common rule for every problem - first of all we should fix ourselves, then help our children to understand what is good and what is bad. But we should begin with ourselves.