It is often argued that the usage of vanguard technologies all over the world is a foremost reason of several illnesses and disorders and the amount of health problems caused by modern technology is only increasing year on year. This essay suggests that the biggest health problems caused by technology are mental disorders and problems with vision mostly in childhood and submits the paret control of children's usage of technology or obligatory prohibition of this usage as the viavle solution. 
The foremost health problems caused by vanguard technology as we already said, are mental disorders and damaged vision. People say that violent video games, for example, can severely harm young inquisitive minds if we are talking about children while constant looking at the screens of TV sets of computers without any doubt will damage your ability to see things properly. Talking about mental problems even adults can become too aggressive which sometimes can result in mental disorders. The recent study carried out by Higher School of Economics fount out that the probability of children getting mental problems increases by 15% if they are constantly using technology; which the adults this increase is about 10% and the probability of getting problems with vision increases by 50%. 
However, there is always a solution. First of all, you have to just control the amount of time you spend with the modern technology. Secondly, parents if their children are overusing TV, for instance, they can even prohibit the usage itself. The RBC in its latest edition reported that if we pay our attention to the time we spend using modern technology we can decrease the probability of getting disorders by 30%. 
In conclusion, although modern technology is essential for our live it is highly recommended to control the time you spend or sometimes even waste on TVs or computers. This will help you to decrease the probability of getting some problems with health. It is predicted that in the near future in some European countries people will use technology not as often as they used to in 2010s.