Using technologies become more and more important part of modern human. We use it much more usually than before. However some people believe that widespread use of technology can cause a lof of healthy problems. This essay argues with this opinion. This assay discuss this belief and some of those health problem. Also it supplies possible solutions of these problems. 
First of all, there is no doubt that modern people spend a lot of their time near the computer: playing computer games, finding the information for education, working, etc. And we cannot even imagine our life without computer. However, sitting by the computer can cause some different problems with health. For example, problems with eyes, which can be caused by usual watching on the screen. Also everybody knows that some people prefer spending time near the computer, not doing sports. And it can be a reason for many problems: overweighting, problems with heart and etc. 
Further, there are a lot of technologies which help people to do their household chores. Undoubtedly, household chores is not the think which most people like to do but f someone do not this kind of activity, he can become lazier and move less. And it can cause the same problem as sitting near the computer for a long time (overweighting and so on). Also people move less due to delivery all good that they want (it is unnecessary to go to the shop to buy something), opportunity to gel all information from the Internet (there is no need to go to the library) and etc. 
The possible solution of these problems is making sport more popular. The first step for this goal is making it cheaper, because sometimes people who want to do sport cannot do it because they have not enough money. Secondly, there should be less advertising of technologies and more advertising of different kinds of sports (also of healthy food and healthy lifestyle). Then more people will understand that sport is necessary and pleasure activity. Further, there should be more special lessons (at school, for example) where students will be tough to live a healthy lifestyle, not to spend a lot of their time using the computer. 
In conclusion, I can say that the widespread use of technology cause many healthy problems And the possible solution of this situation is giving people knowledge about their health and healthy lifestyle and making sport more popular.