Nowadays, the issue of doping's exploitation in proffecional sport area is becoming more and more crucial. As a matter of fact, several experts impose that sportsmen caught using forbidden drugs should not be allowed to take part into competitions for a broaded period, while the opponents feels more radically and claim that the sportsmen ought to be banned forever. Then, two positions will be considered and the third point will be made. 
First of all, it is vital to realise that 'doping' includes not only steroids but also some medical drugs that several sport organisation write in the documents like 'adomdomned drugs'. For instance, great amount of Russian athletes suffered from WADA's zotoctions, because WADA decided to include meldonium into illegal medicaments. And the champions are not only lost their awards and statues but also forbidden compete professionally at all. Unfortunatly, for most athelets, who sometimes are the only bread winners in their family, it is a serious punch. Hence, the banning for a short period will be sensible decision. 
Another point of view also has right to exist. Sometimes, the athelete deserves to be banned for the rest of his/her life. To be more precise, several categories of athletes have tendency to cheat for every competition. Hence the only right way to tackle that problem is to exclude the sportsmen from associaton and team. On the other way, the competition risks to become the race of 'the one sportsmen'. 
Personally I think, on the one hand, the excluding sportsmen from the competetive team forever is to draconian punishment, as new changes can get into strengh rapidly and atheletes and their teams noy a problem with doping test just because a medical drug which used to be obvious for all atheletes became illegal though on several months. On the other hand, the results of the competitions should not be addictive by drugs. That is why some dishonest sportsmen caught exploiting doping, probably will be caught twice or even more. In most case the sever sanction is permitted. 
Summarising all the points, unfortunately, professional sports tends to be the race of equipment more that rivalry between human. It would be great if Olympic games and other sport's competition.