Nowadays there are many scandals in sport about illegal drug usage by athhetes. Some people are willing to solve this problem by prohibition for athlets to compete for some time while others do not tend to excuse such froad and the want these athlets to be banned from official sport competitions forever. 
On one hand, the main aim of actions taken towards the person who broke the law should be complete understanding by this person of his or her mistake. After that it would be logical to give this person a second chance. The athlets who once were caught using illegal drugs due to conseption given above should be banned from competing professonaly for a limited period only. More over, modern society tend to solve the problem of drug usage by the competitors on the level of the users but not sistematically, including responsibility of the trainer, the whole team etc. The ploblem of illegal drugs in sport consist of the whole competition system and people who work there. Therefore, the banning of one athletes for the rest of his or her life without the investigation of the whole system would be quite cruel because his or her actions could have been made due to external influence but not only athlete's internal problems. 
On the other hand, people who are eager to prohibite illegal drug users enter to sport competitions forever have some point too. First of all, nobody can be sure that an athelete who used drugs once is not going to use it again. If the main reason for it is that the athelete is insecure about he or her abilities in sport then this problem cannot be solved by ban for some period of time, more over, it can be solved only by phycologist. The most common fear behind such position consist of the opinion that the athelete who has serious phycological problems cannot compete and it makes sense obviously. In my opinion, phycological problems can be solved anyway, and the athlete who made a mistake of using illegal drugs can be taken back to sport. 
In conclusion I would like to say that the problem of drugs in sport is very relevant but despite some advantages of radical banning drug users from sport forever, I think that any person should be given a second chance.