The issue about the use of medical help in sport always bear a lot of controversy. The problem of medical drugs being used in sport and punishment for this will be discussed in this essay. 
Some people are concerned that the use of drug is affair of sportsmen who are who cannot afford themselves to stick to the rules. But people believe that these sportsmen use the drugs for a special reason - they are adicted to the drugs as the cannot compete without them. For instance, the use of medical tablets in an aim of being calm and conscentious during the competition or a game. In this situation sportsmen should not be banned from the sport for all their life only because of them being nervous, and panicked before and during the competition - such sportsmen are just in need of this help and they should not be blamed for the rest of their life. 
However, other people believe that if sportsmen are into taking drugs as a help in the sport, they will never stop themselves from using them even after a punishment. This idea depictes that such sportsmen are satisfied with aim of winning the sport competition in any way and who does not matter about the honesty and clearness of the sport. The main rule of such sportsmen is: "the aim is always worth of any sources", and the solution of a problem of how such athletes should be punished lies in them being banned for the all time and left the sport. 
To my way of thinking, people should not use drugs in the sport at all as it is a game that should never cost in nervous system suffering or in winning in any possible ways. Sticking to this idea, I cannot agree neither with the first argument, nor with the second - the sport is only a game and it should be free from the medical support. However, there always will be people who are concerned about the use of drugs as a help for sportsmen being calm during their job and about them not be banned from the sport for the rest of their life only because of this. In spite of this, other people will always state that the sportsmen who use the drug once, tend to repeat the use of it again, and for such athletes there is no place in sport in any time and after any punishment.