The issue concerning the use of drugs which are prohibited among the sportsmen elicits a lot of controversy today. Some people believe that those athletes whose blame was proved must not have the opportunity to go on their sport career. Others, however, are sure that a chance should be always done to anybody and in any case, especially regarding entertamment sphere, which they refer sport to. In this essay both points of view will be discussed and my own presented. 
On the one hand, using illegal drugs is a serious crime. People who tend to punish sportsmen for the rest of their lives point out to this fact and label accused athletes as "crimers" with a "psychology of a crimer". This means that such sportsmen will in any case try to repeat this illegal experience and, what is more, in a more complicated way, taking previous "mistakes" into account. To my mind, such a generalization has little grounds as all people are different. 
On the other hand, people must always have a chance as any crimer has, others claim. There are different examples of change in peoples' mentalities after such precedents. One can remember Russian famous biathlonist D. Yaroshenko, who was caught eating prohibited substences with his food. As he admitted, he was too young and very ambitious that time. However, after being banned from competing for 2 years, he was able to return in professional sport and has not repeated the mistake. 
I full-heartedly support the idea that athletes should not be punished forever, as there is one more serious argument for such a stance. Sometimes, sportsmen even do not know about the drugs they consume as their coaches add them into the food an athlete eats. There also can be some technical mistakes during the blood analysis performed. 
To conclude, I would like to stress that although those sportsmen who let themselves use illegal drugs are breaking the law and must be punished for this, there is no sense in full-life banning them from sport as they can realise their mistakes and continue their carrier in an hones way and there are also different factors described in this essay which should be taken into consideration (technical mistakes, for instance)