The use of illegal drugs in sport is a topic of many heated debates all around the globe nowadays. There are two different solution to problem of this illegal action - either banning athletes for a limited period of time from their sport carrier, or banning them from it permanently. In this essay I will examine both these solutions and provide my point of view. 
First of all, I can absolutely see the source of desire to ban such athletes completely from their professional field. Sport is not supposed to be just about competitions, scores and Pepsi ads with recognizable athlets. The core of every sport, whether it is figure-skating or football, is its spirit. Spirit of sport, spirit of competition, which is a mean to provide people test of their abilities. Achievements in such competition is a result of true passion and hard work. Illegal drugs alter the condition of competition to the point where your spirit and passion do not matter. Therefore people who use them are offensive to the very concept of proffesional sport and should not be allowed to it at all. 
On the other hand, such firm punishment, which can have drastic effect on person's life, can be considered too arbitrary. All people make mistakes at some points of their live. It is important for us not to dwell on them and move on. Perhaps, reconsider our values. Athets are people too, however inhumane their abilities may seem. They also make mistakes and it is important to provide them room for correcting their mistakes, as it is with any other human being. And banning them for a limited period is exactly the room for correcting mistakes and detoxicating - both physically and mentally. 
Overall, I believe both approaches to solution of problem of use of illegal drugs should be taken in consideration when developing ligislation regarding this issue. However, we should pay the closest attention to fate and personality of particular athlete, taking into account his or her intentions. Individual approach is necessity in every issue that affects human-beings.